Claude Design is one of the most
powerful design tools that I've ever
used because it makes everything
insanely consistent, branded, and
professional. And all you have to do is
use your natural language. So, in this
masterclass, I'm going to take you from
a complete beginner, maybe you've never
even opened up Claude Design before, all
the way to an expert who can ship
websites, videos, app demos, prototypes,
whatever you want to do with Claude
Design. I'm going to show you guys the
full process of me actually coming up
with a company, building the branding,
building the logo, building the
guidelines, and then creating a pitch
deck, a website, mobile app prototype,
and a launch video. And we're going to
do all of this step-by-step in Claude
Design, and it is super simple, and it's
a lot of fun. I'm also going to be
throughout the video talking about how
do you actually get your money's worth,
and how do you make sure that you're not
going through your Claude Design session
limit really quick. I've been playing
around with this tool every day since it
came out, and I'm just going to be
showing you guys everything that I know
about how to get the most out of it.
There's timestamps down below. Make sure
you save this one so you can come back
and jump around whenever you need, and
let's not waste any time and just get
straight into this video.
Well, let's just go ahead and jump right
in. So, Claude Design. This is going to
be super fun. What is it? It is
basically a separate product. So, it's
almost like you've got your Claude chat,
you've got co-work, you've got Claude
Code. This is a different app within
sort of the Anthropic ecosystem called
Claude Design, and it's specifically
made for people to work on designing
things, whether that is websites or
slide decks or, you know, prototypes. A
lot of people when this was released was
calling it the Figma killer. You can
share design systems across your team.
You can export designs from Claude
Design into Claude Code or to Canva or
as ZIPs or as HTML. So, we're going to
be diving into all of that today. So,
we're going to be looking at sort of
three different acts. Different stuff
going to be going on. We're going to be
starting with foundations, so looking at
what's actually going on inside of
Claude Design, getting set up. We're
going to do some builds. So, I'm going
to go through some real scenarios. We're
basically going to set up a brand
together. So, I'm going to show you guys
how I ideated on a new brand, a new
business, and then I used a combination
of Claude Design and some other tools in
order to really bring that brand to
life. We're also going to be going over
some really important habits and the
ways that you can get the most out of
Claude Design without burning through
your session limit. Because the
important thing about Claude Design to
note is that it is a separate limit than
your regular Claude or Claude Code
usage. You can see we've got our current
session. We've got all models. We've got
Sonnet only. And then we have a Claude
Design specific limit. So, we have to
really be careful because we don't want
to just blow through this if we're not
using it efficiently. So, I'm going to
talk a lot about that in this
masterclass as well. And then we'll talk
about what comes next. But this is going
to be really cool. I'm going to take you
guys on a full journey, like I said, of
building a brand. So, anyways, just to
get started off here, what is Claude
Design and what is Opus 4.7? So, here
was the release blog from Anthropic
about Claude Design on April 17th, 2026.
Today we're launching Claude Design, a
new Anthropic Labs product that lets you
collaborate with Claude to create
polished visual work like designs,
prototypes, slides, one-pagers, and
more. You can even use it to create like
animations and videos, which I'm going
to show you, of course, today. But it is
just really powerful. It's also being
powered by their most capable vision
model, which is their most recent model,
Claude Opus 4.7. And once again, you're
not starting from scratch because you
can import your current brand assets,
your current websites, your current
apps, and you can create design systems
around those so that every single thing
you build in the future feels branded
with the colors, the font,
everything. Collaborate with Claude to
create polished visual work, a vision
model-backed design surface. And it's
really interesting because this thing is
pretty much powered by Opus 4.7. You
have the ability inside of Claude Design
to switch which model you use, which
I'll talk about as well, cuz you do want
to be a little bit strategic. But Opus
4.7 has the best vision. And Claude
Design does something really cool where
basically validates and it looks and
uses its eyes to see what's going on on
the page to make sure that it didn't
mess anything up. Claude Design was
released pretty much the day after Opus
4.7 was released, which was pretty cool.
And obviously, if you're using Opus 4.7,
it goes through tokens quicker. It's
more expensive than using a model like
Sonnet or Haiku. So, you have to be
strategic there. And something else
that's pretty interesting is Krieger
left Figma pretty much right before the
announcement of Claude Design. And
Krieger was on Figma's board and is now
Anthropic's CPO. So, that's also kind of
interesting to think about like where
are these tools headed. Anyways, let's
go ahead and get set up and figure out
what actually is going on. But first,
let's just talk about how to get set up.
So, you have to be on a paid plan for
this. This is available for pro users,
max users, and team and enterprise users
as well. So, if you're on the free plan,
you will have to upgrade in order to
test out Claude Design. You're also
going to be getting more usage as your
plan increases, obviously. So, if you're
paying more per month, you're going to
get more of that Claude Design usage, as
you can see right here. And I'm pretty
sure that this is a weekly reset. So, if
you hit the limit, you have to either
wait until it resets or you could go
ahead and purchase some extra usage,
which would just be, you know, coming
out of your actual
balance. And as you can see, I've been
using a ton of this extra usage because
if you're not careful, you hit the limit
pretty quick. But that has helped me
learn what helps me, you know, manage
that limit better. So, I'm going to be
sharing all that with you guys today.
Okay, so let's actually go ahead, open
up Claude Design, and let's start, you
know, building a brand, and I'll show
you guys what I've been up to. So, if
you're in your regular chat in Claude on
the web, you'll see over here on this
left-hand side, we've got this little
button that says design. So, that's what
you're going to want to click on, or you
could just Google Claude Design. And
that's going to pull up an actual
separate app, which looks like this. And
this is kind of the interface that we're
going to be working out of for Claude
Design. Now, a few things you're going
to notice. There's kind of this thing on
the left-hand side, which is how you
launch a new project. You can see that
we have prototype. We can choose between
wireframe and high fidelity. We have
slide decks that we can create. We have
different templates or other.
On the right-hand side, we have all of
my previous designs or design systems
that I've built. We also have a bunch of
examples to look through. So, organic
loaders, we can take some inspiration
from. We can look at text streaming. We
can look at things like a globe and some
shaders. So, there's ways right here to
basically just use this prompt and then
inject that into a project that you want
to work on. And then, of course, you can
look at your design systems, which we
will talk about as well, because this is
the first thing that I want you guys to
do when you get into Claude Design. Now,
building a design system is kind of
token intensive, but it is in the long
run going to save you because then
everything you build, for example, my AI
Automation Society design system,
everything that I build will have this
branding, the logos, the typography, the
colors. But you don't want to go crazy
building like five different design
systems. You just want to start with one
and then iterate from there. So, if I
open up this design system real quick to
show you guys, what's in here is, like I
said, everything about my UI, my um
brand. So, it's got my website. It can
look through, you know, the different
fonts, the colors, the way that our
buttons are, the way that our little
banners are, and it knows everything
about this website. And it used this to
basically create typography. So, it
knows our brand. It knows like, you
know, when to use primary, when to use
secondary. It also knows colors, so
accents and gradients, our neutrals,
also our primary colors. It understands
spacing. So, we have these little glows
behind buttons. We also like to have
like, you know, different sizing and
different types of shapes. And similarly
with components, which I think is
awesome. Look at it. It has all of these
badges. It has all these tags. It
understands what our buttons should look
like, what our cards should look like.
It understands all of this, and this is
all translated into our websites, our
videos, our slide decks, our, you know,
landing pages, whatever we want to
build. Now, we don't have to repeat
this, and that is why this is so awesome
because this can be shared across your
team. If you have, you know, if you're
on a team plan, everyone in your
organization will be able to access this
design system, which means
consistent visuals, whether that's
internally or externally, LinkedIn
posts, whatever it is, it will always be
consistent, which is really important.
You can also go ahead and
download this as a ZIP, as a PDF, as an
HTML, and you can put that into Claude
Code, or you can bring that into Canva,
or you can even give it to ChatGPT's new
image model. Whatever you want to do
with it, you can take this and bring it
somewhere else. So, that is why this is
the first thing that I want you to do
when you get into Claude Design. So, let
me show you guys how we're going to set
this up. What I did here is for my AI
Automation Society design system, it was
easy because I already had a brand. I
was able to give it my logo. I was able
to give it the GitHub repository of my
website and my website URL, and it was
able to scrape through all the stuff
that we already had existing and turn
that into a brand design system. Now, if
you're not in that boat and you're
starting from scratch, then it's a
little bit different because you have to
figure out, okay, what is my design
system? What are our colors? What are
typography? And what's the feel? So,
that's kind of the scenario that we're
going through today. So, what I did is I
came into Claude and I said, "Hey, I
need to create a brand. I'm working on a
project where I'm going to create a new
brand, and we're going to create, you
know, like a pitch deck, a logo, brand
guidelines, website, all this kind of
stuff. So, help me figure out a good
brand concept that I can use so it feels
consistent." So, this is basically just
me brainstorming with Claude. And the
reason I'm doing this in chat is, once
again, because we don't want to eat
through our Claude Design limit. We only
want to use Claude Design when we're
actually ready, when we have an idea and
we're ready to move forward with that
plan. So, don't ever brainstorm in
Claude Design. There's just no point.
You get way more usage over here. So,
anyways, it starts to sketch out. It
asks me some questions, and it starts to
give me a few concepts of like, you
know, what the type will look like and
what the logo could look like, and, you
know, the vibe and the colors. So, it
gave me a couple, and I liked this one.
So, I I said, "Okay, cool. Let's kind of
move forward with Tally, and let's let's
build out some more of this brand." So,
I said, "Okay, let's run with Tally. I
want you to build a brand around this.
What's the product we're selling? Who
does it appeal to? What's the mission?
What's the offer?" And I just said,
"Figure all of that out for me." Now,
obviously, you're going to weigh in a
little bit more if you're building a
real business or if you've already got
something in the works, but this is just
me showing you guys how we can ideate
with Claude. And what it did is it
created this whole brand concept. So, it
created, you know, the product, the
audience. It created some avatars as
well, the mission, positioning, brand
pillars, voice and tone. So, a lot of
like conceptual stuff about the brand
and the promise. But then it also got us
some important stuff down here like the
visual identity. So, we've got a color
palette with four main colors, and
that's really important to give to our
design system, obviously. It also went
into some typography. So, our primary
font as well as our secondary font, and
some other logic with like, you know,
the way that we do our hierarchy in our
hero section and different things like
that. So, if I was to give this concept
to Claude Design, it would build a
really, really nice website for us in
one shot just because it already has so
much info right here. And then after I
created that I said, "Yep, let's ideate
on the logo as well." So, how can it fit
the overall vibe? And it gave me a few
different options. It gave me this cross
with the three or sorry, four tallies
and then the fifth and the text. And it
gave me a few other variations. I
ultimately ended up saying that I like
this logo. But I like having the green
um
dot, the green period at the end of the
word. So, I basically went with a hybrid
of this and this. And then I basically
asked for like a full typography almost
like a mini brand guidelines thing. So,
it gave us this logo. It gave us this
typography. And it just showed us what
this could look like. So, the brand is
really starting to come to life a little
bit now. And we're probably in a much
better spot to be able to actually
create a design system out of this at
this point. So, back in Claude Design,
I'm going to click on design systems up
here. And I'm going to go ahead and
click on create a new design system.
Now, real quick, just for context, let's
take a look at where we're at as far as
our usage.
So, in Claude Design, we are at 4% of
our usage. And I'm on the 20X Max plan,
so 200 bucks a month. Let's see how much
this design system creation eats up out
of our design. Now, it won't be as much
as, you know, if you were importing a
bunch of code bases because you can link
in folders and files and GitHub repos.
So, the more that you import right now,
the more usage it's going to take up,
obviously. But still, let's just see
what this does. So, company name and
blurb. Well, the name of the company is
Tally. And let's just take a look at
what our blurb is going to be. I'm
probably just going to go ahead and grab
the mission of our company. So, I'm just
going to grab this. Okay. Um we don't
have a GitHub repo at the moment. We
don't have any code. We do have some
assets to import. So, I'm going to go
ahead and add the Tally logo. And I also
want to add this file. So, I'm actually
just going to download this as um
hopefully markdown. Yeah.
So, we've got our brand concept. And you
can also see if you already had a Figma
project that you wanted to bring over,
you could import that right here.
So, any other notes? For now, we're just
going to leave it like this. I think the
one thing that we might want to call out
is
we haven't built a website yet. So, we
don't know what our buttons and what our
field's going to look like. So, if you
wanted to add any notes about that, you
could. So, I'm just going to add a real
quick sentence. I'm going to say,
"When we're building out assets like,
you know, a website or things like that,
I want the buttons to feel
very modern. I want them to have sort of
a like a slight glow behind them. And I
just want it to feel very polished."
Now, that's not really a very good
prompt. Like that's pretty vague. But
just adding a little bit more context
there. And let's go ahead and click
continue to generation. This will take
about 5 minutes. So, I'm going to hit
generate and I will check back in with
you guys once we get this wrapped up.
Actually, I lied. While this is loading,
I did want to show you guys something
else that you could look at doing. So,
ChatGPT's new image model, image two, is
really solid. You know, you could have
taken some of the
um you know, information from here and
some of the colors and stuff that we had
built. And you could also ideate with
ChatGPT a little bit to see what those
images or the logos and stuff could look
like. So, I basically said, "Hey, I need
a professional and minimalistic logo for
this brand." I said what the brand is. I
talked about the audience a little bit
and sort of the palette. And it gave me
this as the first version, which is
pretty cool. You know, we've got the
little green mark right there. And then
I also asked for more of an icon-based
one. And it gave me this. So, I didn't
love this one. I really just like the
actual tally marks that
um Claude initially came up with. But
that is another thing to think about is
that GPT image two is pretty solid at
helping you build some of this stuff.
And I'll show you something else as
well, which we will come back to later
after we've sort of built out our
website with this brand. But I actually
just built my brand guidelines for AI
Automation Society with GPT image two.
So, I gave it the logo and I said, "Hey,
this is basically like what our brand
is. Here's some variations. Here's our
color palette. Here's our typography."
And it created this for me. Um and it's
really good. This is the actual official
one that we're using internally.
However, you can see it messed up some
of the font. Now, it is pretty good with
text in general. Oh, you can see
You can see all the other font is fine.
But because it was trying to pull in
Roboto Mono and was trying to pull in
Montserrat, it messed it up a little
bit. So, even when I said, "Hey, you
know, that didn't work." Oops, I can't
get out of this. Even when I said, "Hey,
that didn't work." and I tried to have
it do it again, it just didn't work. And
honestly, I was like, "You know what?
That's fine. I'm just going to throw
this into Canva. And I'm just going to
go ahead and grab the fonts and just put
it in myself." So, not a huge deal. It
might have trouble with certain fonts.
But as far as like the spacing and
everything it did here, this looks
really good. So, like I said, we're
going to do one of these with Tally,
with the brand that we're building right
now, a little bit later on in this
video. So, don't panic if you're like,
"How do you do this? I want to do this."
It's going to be simple and I'll show
you. Okay, but looking back at our
design system, we've got some stuff to
look at here. So, Claude is still
working, but you can start giving
feedback. It's missing the brand fonts,
which is totally fine. You could upload
them if you want, but it's also going to
be able to pull them out as you can see
down here. It's got type. But we see the
brand mark. So, we have the mark, the
word, and the tagline. You can see this
got a little bit messed up. The tally
should be going across all four. Claude
Design has been historically bad with
logos. For some reason, it sort of re
like it it tries to change them a little
bit, which is not great, obviously. So,
I'm going to say, "No, that needs work."
The logo is not appearing as it should.
I dropped in a PNG of a logo, and you
should just keep it exactly as is.
There's no reason to change that.
So, that's a little feedback I'm going
to do. Um I'm also going to say,
"Everything else though looks good. The
colors and the font is fine. But the
icon logo
is not correct."
So, we'll submit that.
Um same thing here. I mean, these all
like from a color scheme perspective, I
don't mind it. It just doesn't look
right. And this is something that like I
said, Claude Design has been doing
historically bad. Same feedback here.
The logo has been changed. The colors
look good, but the logo cannot be
changed from the original PNG that I
gave you.
I'm going to shoot off that feedback as
well. See, this one looks good. This is
the actual logo that I believe we
uploaded. So, I'm going to go ahead and
say this one does look good. These also
look good. That's great.
And I like the way that this looks as
well. So, you're basically just going to
keep going through this design system to
make sure that all of these look great
and the way that you actually want your
brand to look. And definitely spend some
time here because like I said, this is
going to be your design.md, your spec
for everything that you build in the
future. Videos, promos, landing pages,
everything. So, this is looking much
better. I'm starting to become more
confident in what we're building with
this design system. So, I'm just going
to keep approving stuff or giving
feedback. And I'll check in with you
guys once we have our finished design
system. All right. So, we're getting all
of this pretty much finished up. And
what you'll notice here is on the
left-hand side, we can see that Claude
is verifying. And this is it actually
looking at what it built to make sure
that everything looks all right.
As you can see, it's kind of going down
through the different elements. Now,
this is for us to review. So, here it's
even mocked up what a landing page could
look like. And you can see that all of
this feels very on brand. We've got the
text-based logo on the top left. And we
can scroll down and see the way that it
uses our different colors with these
little little cards and stuff like that.
I think that this feels really nice. I
love the way that this is looking. I'm
going to say looks good. And I like this
mobile app sort of preview. That looks
good, too.
And what it did is it created a bunch of
these different things. So, obviously
our marketing for our like UI kit,
right? But it came through and it also
thought about the buttons, which I
thought was cool. We've got these
different buttons that it can use. And
the way that they highlight when
they're, you know, when you put your
mouse over it or when you click, it's
got a bit of a drop shadow with a glow.
We've also got these um input fields.
We've got um icons where the icons go
down here. We've got these that it's
going to use. So, now we have just some
really cool elements that we can always
have consistent with our brand.
So, all of this looks good. And I'm
going to go ahead and say that we're
good to move on. So, I've published
this. I could make this my default if I
want to. I'm not going to do that right
now. But we could go ahead and now use
this design system to build whatever we
want. You can also click on design files
up here at the top. And this is where we
can see different assets like the things
that we've uploaded, different previews
that it's generated, and different
documents. And this is what we could go
ahead and export if we wanted to bring
in a design system and actually give it
to a Claude code project, we could give
it to Claude code. And then it would
also be able to use the same design
system. So, that is where this is super
powerful. Okay. So, now if we go back to
the home screen, you'll notice if we
wanted to create a new project, we could
click on our Tally design system instead
of our AI Automation Society design
system. We could also go ahead and not
use one if we want, but that's why we
just built the Tally one. But real
quick, let's go ahead and go to my
usage. We are at 10%. So, on a $200 a
month plan for Max,
that design system took about 6% of my
session limit already. Now, that's
really not too bad. Um if you're on a
Pro, it's obviously going to eat more.
But keep in mind, we didn't give it a
ton. If you were giving it a whole code
base or GitHub repo to search through
and scrape through, it would have eaten
more. So, be selective about what you
give your
Claude Design. You You saw how well it
did with just markdown and a pretty
vague idea. So, it really just needs,
you know, key elements like the colors,
the logo, the typography. And if you
already have some buttons and things
like that, you don't actually need to
give it an entire GitHub repo unless
there's really important info in there.
So, think about that when you're
building your design system. Okay. So,
we kind of started to build our brand,
right? We took a concept from Claude. We
were brainstorming. We ideated a little
bit. We created our logo. We created all
that. And now we essentially have a
design system. We have a a design.md
that we could export anywhere and a
design.md that we can use for any of our
future projects. So, let's actually get
started here. What do we want to build
first? Well, we're going to go through
the full journey. So, we're basically
going to start with a pitch deck. And
then we're going to move into like a
product landing page. And then we're
going to build a mobile app prototype.
And then we're going to go live with a
launch video at the end. It's all going
to feel on brand. And throughout the
course of this video, we're going to
really bring this brand to life by
building all of these elements all in
Claude Design. Real quick, guys. I know
we're going over a ton of information in
this video. So, what I wanted to do is
break all of this down into a very
simple PDF resource guide that you guys
can use. And that way you can reference
that later if you ever need to look at
some stuff I said about, you know, token
management or prompting, things like
that, rather than having to scroll
through the video every time. So, if you
want to access that completely free
resource guide, then head to my free
school community. The link for that is
down in the description. I'll see you
guys over there. And let's get back to
the video. So, let's go ahead and get
started with our pitch deck. I'm going
to go ahead and open up this Claude
design and I'm going to go to slide
deck. I'm going to make sure to use the
Tally design system and I'm going to
call this Tally oops Tally pitch deck.
And we're going to go ahead and click
create.
Now right here, what do we have? We have
basically kind of a lovable like
interface. On the right-hand side, we
have our preview. We also can see our
files, we can do sketches and the
left-hand side is where we will chat
with the AI or we will leave comments
and things like that. We will drop files
in, that sort of stuff. So, it's really
interesting. For this use case, all I'm
going to do is I'm going to drop in the
brand concept markdown file, which if
you guys remember was basically just
this markdown doc that we were looking
at earlier that Claude generated and it
has all the information about the
business and sort of like the mission
and the avatar. And all of this
information is really all that I need in
order to make this actual pitch deck.
And if it has any questions, that's the
thing is Claude design will also
iterate with you and it will ask you
things to make sure that it understands
your end goal. Now, one thing that I
might recommend doing is if you're not
very clear on what you want to be
communicated in your pitch deck, is
don't waste time like I said
brainstorming here. Go over to Claude
and brainstorm in this environment. Say,
"Hey, I want to build a pitch deck.
Here's a little bit about you know,
information about my business. Help me
lay out this pitch deck. Help me
understand the structure of it." And
then take that file or you know, copy
and paste whatever it gives you there
and then bring that back into Claude
design and move forward with the actual
creation. So, you can see the little
inputs here are to make a deck. We have
the Tally design system and we also have
the Tally brand concept markdown file.
Now, I did realize though before I
actually give this to Claude design, I
maybe do want to do a little bit more
market research. So, I'm going to open
up Claude again. I'm going to come into
this chat where we already have all this
context and I'm just going to ask it to
help me structure that. So,
what I want to do now with Tally is I
want to create a pitch deck for an
investor presentation,
you know, and I want to basically
explain
what Tally is and why I believe in it
and also look at the market and see
why it is a good investment and why
people might want to you know, come on
the Tally team and the vision that we're
pushing for. You know, we want to get
them to be bought in. So, with the brand
concept spec that you already have for
me, build on top of that with a pitch
deck sort of structure and also do any
research about the market and the
strategy for actually getting Tally to a
place where it's starting to adopt a lot
of users. So, it started doing some
research for me, which is great. But,
then it actually said that it wanted to
actually build the deck. So, I had to
stop it and I said, "You don't need to
build the deck. Just give me markdown
outline so that I can put this research
into Claude design and then it can do
it." So, I want you guys to be thinking
about AI as a specialized tool. And even
if you're using AI, meaning like Claude,
how can you have a separate chat for
each individual type of request? How can
you make each session as specialized and
specific as possible to give you better
outputs? Cuz in this case, we're using
Claude right now for the research and to
create us like the markdown outline, but
then we're going to bring that into
design to actually do the design. I
think even outside of the scope of this
masterclass today, that's just a really
important mindset when you're using AI
tools. Okay, so now we have our pitch
deck outline. This is pretty
comprehensive. There's a ton of slides
here and I'm just going to go ahead and
copy this. And now what's cool is that
was basically the heavy lifting. So, the
idea is hopefully that is going to
make it so that Claude design doesn't
actually eat as much of our session
limit than it would have if we just
dropped in, "Hey, build me a pitch
deck." So,
I have dropped you in a
Tally-Brand-Concept
markdown file and that just has some
overall information about our business
Tally and you know, like the mission and
the positioning. And I'm also going to
paste in some information about how we
want to structure this pitch deck. You
don't have to follow it to a T, but
there's a lot of important research and
information in there that I want you to
use in this pitch deck as if we're
trying to convince investors to invest
into our business. So, when I just
pasted in that stuff, it came through as
the text right here. So, I'm just going
to clarify
the 372 lines of pasted text that you
see is the information about the pitch
deck structure.
So, I'm going to shoot this off and
we're going to go ahead and see what we
get. Um if you guys are curious about
how I'm able to just talk and the text
appears, then check out the tool in the
description. I'm using a tool called
Glydo and I'm actually a part of the
Glydo team now because it is
significantly faster and more private
than Whisper and I think there's a lot
more agentic stuff that we're going to
be doing with it, which I'm very excited
about. So, definitely go check out
Glydo. Windows support is coming very,
very soon. So, while this is running, I
also wanted to just bring your attention
real quick to
this stuff down here. So, this is where
you could change the model. You can see
by default you're going to be on Opus
4.7. You could switch back to Opus 4.6.
You could even use Opus 3. I don't think
I I will, but you could also go to Haiku
and Sonnet. And so, for the most part,
when we're doing sort of like the
initial planning and we're starting out,
I'm pretty much always going to be using
Opus 4.7 here.
When I maybe doing some tweaks and
feedback later, that's where I would you
know, reduce the model to Sonnet or
Haiku for the little iterations and
things. But, especially once you've
really nailed the way that you have your
design system and the way that you like
your landing pages or decks to be built,
you could very likely get to a spot
where you're just using Sonnet all the
time. Once you feel comfortable with the
flow and with the outputs that you're
getting, especially if you're using
Claude on the front to actually do the
help with like strategy. Because you can
use Opus here and you can figure out the
outline of what you want and then just
say, "Hey, Sonnet inside of Claude
design, take this information and just
throw it on a deck for me." And that's
how you're going to be able to stretch
your limit a lot farther. Okay, so this
is done. I did do one round of feedback,
but I want to show you guys why and I
want to show you guys some other
important things. So, this is our
prompt. It started to read everything
and dig into it, right? It planned out
the structure and then what happened is
it started building it out and it was
able to verify and look at stuff. So,
you can see here it says the verify
agent check completed. Now, what that
means is it was looking at each slide
visually to see what happened and it
said, "Okay, let me fix slide six
because there was this wrong and let me
fix slide 10 because this was wrong."
So, then it fixed them and you can see
that it was able to run the verify
agent. Now, I did have a little bit of
feedback to give. So, I said, "Hey, the
logo's wrong here, blah blah blah."
And once again, it's able to view the
stuff. So, it took a screenshot, it
looked at it and then it was able to fix
it. So, that's super, super cool. But
now, let's take a look at what we got.
So, we have Tally, money on the level.
We've got the nice navy background with
the regular font here and the logo.
So, let's continue on. I'm going to use
the arrow keys here. Most finance apps
want to change you. Tally shows Tally
just shows you what's happening, okay?
And you can see in the bottom left we've
got the logo, both the icon and the
text, which is pretty nice.
The category lectures, people don't want
to lecture, they want a clear picture.
20 million Mint active users at peak.
More, the replacements compete on more,
more AI, more features, more coaching.
And about 50% of fintech app users churn
within their first year. So, then it
goes over some converging trends. It
goes over three things. Connect your
bank, get your Sunday digest, run an
affordability check.
The weekly is the product. So, there is
some sort of mobile app here once a week
Sunday morning. You get this sort of
report. Interesting. Um and as you can
see, it's sort of going through the
pitch. Now, obviously we don't want this
to be super wordy because this is a
pitch deck. There's going to be someone
speaking over all this stuff. So, we
don't want it to be too distracting, but
it's feeling very on brand. Everything
is consistent with our font, our colors,
our logo, stuff like that. And then we
get into some of this other stuff that
Claude design wouldn't have probably
done by itself. This is some of the
research that regular Claude was able to
pull in for us. So, things about like
the market and the gap. And basically,
this is where you start to convince the
investors to invest. I thought this
slide was really nice. A really nice
visual
interpretation of where Tally solves a
gap that the current other tools don't
solve. And I'm not saying that this is
the best launch strategy for a SaaS
product. I'm not saying that this is
even 100% accurate because I didn't you
know, I didn't validate this yet. I just
built up this brand in like the past 10
minutes.
But, this is what it can start to do. It
can start to tell a story for you. $8 a
month, one plan, no tiers. How we get
there. So, phase one, phase two and
phase three over the course of three
years it looks like and from beta to $3
million
ARR right here. So, as you can see, this
is where you would also put in some
information about the founder. We got
the logo here changed. We got some other
hires that are being planned. And yeah,
for a first pass, I think that this is
really, really good. Obviously, what you
do here now is you would start to
iterate a little bit. So, there's lots
of ways that we can iterate. We can
click on edit and that would let us
actually edit things ourselves. So, I
could maybe I don't want to call this a
founding designer. Maybe we want to just
call this the founding graphic designer
and I could go ahead and do that. And
what's important here is when you make
these changes, Claude applies them. But,
what this does is it helps you actually
be more specific on your changes and it
will save you session it will save you
tokens in the long run. Because if you
wanted to prompt all this by natural
language, you could, which is awesome,
but there's more room for error there.
Whereas here, we can actually click on
the exact specific element that we want.
We could change the sizing, we we could
change the color and we can be more
specific by doing the actual edits. What
else we can do is we can use the draw.
So, let's say we don't want um I don't
know, maybe we want this logo to be
bigger. So, I would draw a circle around
this and then I could just type and say,
"I want
this to be larger." And then I could
send that off. And what that does is it
injects that drawing. Oh wait, it said
it couldn't capture it.
What happened?
Okay, let me try that again. I could
circle the logo down here. You can't see
it because this thing covered it up. And
then I could just say, "I want this to
be
larger." And when I send that off, it
basically injects that screenshot into
the chat right here. And so, it knows
what I just circled and it sees the the
comment that I left. It's a little bit
buggy down here, unfortunately. And now
we'll go ahead and actually implement
that change. So, it says, "The user
circled the small Tally mark inside the
Interesting. Okay, so that actually
didn't work. It seems like yeah, that
didn't work here. The draw might be a
little bit buggy right now. Keep in mind
this is in research preview, so you
might see a bug like that. I in the past
have been using draw and it's been
working fine. But that's just another
example of like maybe you don't even
need to draw because if it's a specific
element, just highlight it. You know, if
I wanted this to be bigger, why don't I
just grab this and make it bigger
myself, you know?
Draw is probably more useful for
something that doesn't actually have an
actual like
div tag or an actual element. So let's
say,
you know, maybe we want to go
to like the last slide. And let's say
this background was like a gradient or
something. Maybe there's a really weird
that the gradient's too dark right here
and I would circle this and say, "Hey,
can you make this section a little
lighter?" That's probably a better use
case of the draw compared to drawing
around something that actually exists as
an actual element. And what what's cool
here,
kind of interesting, each one of these
tally marks is its own individual
component that we could change, which is
kind of interesting. I could change the
color of just this one if I wanted to.
So, that is pretty nice. I'm not going
to do that. I want to um
make sure I don't do that change, but
that's pretty cool. Now, that's a little
bit annoying. There's not like a reset
button, unfortunately, so or like an
undo. So, if I wanted to change this
back, I would have to grab the actual
color from there and come into here and
then change that. And now I could edit
that and it would fix, but that was a
little bit like I think that there
should definitely be like an undo button
or maybe I'm just missing that. And then
we have the ability to add tweaks, which
is pretty cool. Um this basically just
means that we could change the way that
the slides actually look and we could do
this rather than prompting, we could
just do it in an interface. Let me show
you.
This looks really nice. Um there are
some slides that might feel just a
little bit bland though. So, I might
want to be able to add some more color
or just a bit more of our brand feel on
top. So, could you give me a couple
different tweaks that I could play
around with for this whole slide deck?
And what I like about this is there are
some moments where if you're not super
creative, you might just feel kind of
stuck. But what you can do is you can
let Claude design be the creative one.
You can say, "Hey, give me a bunch of
tweaks. Let me play around with things."
And that will let you actually figure
out what you like or what you don't
like. Okay, so now we have our tweaks
available, meaning I can click on this
toggle and we see some different things
that we can change. So, the first one
that we'll take a look at is the cover.
We could go ahead and change it from
default to bold mark, which means that
this would be bigger and that would be
bigger. We could also do word mark only,
which would give us this.
And I mean, I honestly like the bold
mark. So, this was the default. I like
how it's a little bit bigger like that.
Now, let's take a look at what else we
have. We have texture of the background.
So, we could do a dot grid, which
honestly, I'm not really seeing. I think
the dots are just like
they're very, very light. We could also
do a hairline, which is kind of just
like a graph paper background. I don't
know if you guys can see. We've got like
that sort of grid, which adds a little
bit of texture, which is nice. But my
favorite honestly is this warm haze
where we kind of got the green up here,
a little bit of orange. And this I think
just looks very, very nice. It gives it
some more depth. And I don't know if I
would have thought to prompt Claude
design to do this. So, this is one of
those scenarios where especially behind
this app, I think that this warm haze
looks really, really nice.
We've also got an accent, so we could do
vivid green, which it looks like it just
changes. All I saw was this thing.
If I go default, that goes away. Vivid
green adds that little hash mark or uh
whatever that's called, m dash, I don't
know. Warm, I'm not really seeing what
that's doing.
Um maybe we have to go to like a
different page to see what the warm
would do. So, you definitely have to
kind of click through to see what's
actually going on or you could ask
Claude design as well, but um I I like
the vivid green, so we'll stick with
that.
And then we have the slide chrome. It
can be default, it can be minimal, or it
could be emphasized. And I'm really only
seeing the difference here, so um the
slide number in the top left, minimal
takes that away and emphasized makes it
a bit of a darker color. And I think
that for this sake, we want to just
leave this on default. I like it as
default. So, there's other tweaks we
could add, of course, but right now,
this is where we're sitting and I like
how we were able to just play around
with a few different things and see what
we like.
So, at this point, let's say we're good
with the copy, we're good with the way
this looks. We would go ahead and we can
either present it right from here or we
could go ahead and, you know, invite our
teammates to it. We could duplicate it.
We could create a template. We could
export it. We could give it to Claude
code. Whatever we want to do now with
this pitch deck, we can do. Okay, so
that was our first project that we did
together. That was the startup pitch
deck. Let's say now what we need is a
product landing page. We are going to
build out just a real simple one-page
landing page for this product. But real
quick before we do that, I want to do a
quick usage check. Let's see where we
are with our Claude design usage after
setting up our design and building this
pitch deck, we are now at 32% used. So,
just keep that in mind. But what we're
going to do now is we're going to build
a
landing page. And the good news once
again is we already have what we need
for the most part because we have this
whole brand concept guide. And this is
basically going to be a lot of the copy
that goes into our website. So, let's go
back into Claude design. We're going to
go we're going to start a new prototype.
And what I want to show you guys is how
the wireframing works. So, I'm going to
click on wireframe. I'm going to change
this to our Tally design system. And I'm
going to call this
our um landing page
mockups. Because what we're going to do
here is before we start designing and
actually building our website, we're
going to do a wireframe to see um kind
of a canopy of different approaches,
different styles that we could take. So,
I'm going to click create and we're
going to start to prompt this thing on
what we want. So, I'm going to do the
same thing once again where I drop in
the brand concept and I am going to just
start to ideate here. I'm going to say,
"So, we have a product called Tally and
that's the design system that you're
looking at. I also just dropped in our
brand concepts markdown file, which is
attached right there. And the point of
this project is a wireframe project. I
want you to give me a bunch of different
concepts, a bunch of different mockups
of how our landing page could be set up.
We will probably have
a hero section. We will have um some
specs. We will have our pricing. We will
have some testimonials. You can fill all
of this in with mock data.
The point of this right now is to help
me figure out the theme, the the style.
How should the website feel? How should
it look? You know, who are we appealing
to? What is the journey of the website?
What are the different colors, you know,
dark mode or light mode? Or how do we
make it feel modern? How do we make it
feel on brand? So, what I want is just a
few different concepts so that we can
actually take this wireframe into a
different project to build us our
landing page.
So, this step isn't absolutely crucial.
If we dropped all of this into a regular
high-fidelity project and said, "Hey,
build me a website." I'm very confident
that it would look amazing and I'm very
confident that we could take the tweaks
and change it the way we want. But
sometimes it's nice to be able to look
at a ton of different concepts. Maybe
also when we're doing something like
building a mobile app, we would want to
do something like this as well. And
what's nice here is it's going to ask us
a lot of questions. So, how many
distinct concepts should I sketch? Let's
just go ahead and do three.
Wireframe fidelity, these are
pre-designed. How rough do you want them
to be? Sketchy hand-drawn vibe, clean
wireframe, mid-fi, or mix. I'm going to
go ahead and do
mid-fi. I think that's going to give us
a better feel.
What vibe which vibes and directions
should I explore? Um I'll cover at least
three. I'm just going to go ahead and
say decide for me. I don't want to give
the input there. I want it to be
creative.
Then it's also asking lights or dark.
We're going to go ahead and do mostly
light with one dark concept.
What stands in for imagery? App
screenshots.
Um I'm just going to go ahead and say
decide for me once again. And beyond all
of these, what else do we want? Probably
FAQ, probably yeah, sure, founder note,
a comparison table would be great. Um
and a sample of the weekly privacy data.
Yeah, sure, all of this stuff is good.
So, you can see this is helping us get
more refined on our goal. Now, of
course, you could do this mockups
section in a regular Claude chat.
There's nothing wrong with that. It
would do something very similar to what
we did earlier, right? Where it was
giving me these different mockups and
giving us different visualizations of
what we could do. And honestly, from a
token perspective, that's your better
call. But I definitely just wanted to
show you guys what this wireframe can
look like. And for the rest of these,
I'm honestly just going to say decide
for me for all of them so we can see
what we're going to get with minimal
input. So, I'm going to shoot this off
and
let's see what we get. All right, so
this has finished up. We've got three
different styles. We've got the honest
mirror. We've got the receipt ledger.
And we've got quiet night. So, this
basically gives us like
a board, you know, kind of like a Figma
or, you know, even like a Google stitch
that we're able to like zoom in, pan
around, and comment on things, edit
things. So, let's just take a look at
this first one. We've got kind of the
light bone background. We've got a big
hero section. Honestly, this interface
is just a little bit like wonky. I you
see if I open it up full screen, I'm
able to like get in there a little bit
because now I could actually scroll down
and see the full journey of what's going
on in this site. So, that's actually a
lot better to be able to look at it like
that. So, here's that first one. We can
see the hero section, the weekly. We can
see the scope and like a comparison
table versus others, which is pretty
cool. And then looks like a a note from
the the team. All that kind of stuff.
And then if we go over to that last one,
this was more of the dark mode. So, this
looks very similar to that first version
except for I think the only difference
really
is the dark mode. I mean, I think
there's a few other changes, but this is
basically something that we could now
take into the next section to build our
landing page. Let's see what's down here
though. We have what you're choosing
between. We're choosing between the mode
being light bone, light bone, or dark
navy. We have a different type of voice,
whether that's, you know, editorial,
documentation, or modern fintech. We've
got imagery, we've got page length, and
we've got different audiences that we're
going towards. If you guys remember in
our original spec over here, we had two
different types of audiences. We had Sam
and then we also had freelance Frankie.
So, it's pretty cool that it was able to
take that into account and it shows us
which website is kind of appealing to
which of our avatars.
This one could feel preachy. This could
feel cold. This could feel generic. So,
we could continue to iterate on here and
take one of these that we like into the
next section of actually building us a
landing page. Now, to be honest, for
this specific use case, I think that was
probably a waste of my session limit. I
think maybe this would have been better
to do a wireframe for planning out like
a full funnel, you know, maybe where
you've got page one, page two, page
three, and you know, like you're you're
you're actually visualizing out the
journey. I think that could have been
more useful. I think also if you're
designing like an actual desktop app or
mobile app, then doing a wireframe could
have been better as well. We've used it
actually for helping figure out like
some of the branding for different logos
and different packaging. So, that was
pretty helpful, but when it comes to
just designing a landing page, I think
you're probably better off to actually
just do that in high fidelity right
away. But, I just wanted to show you
guys that concept. So, what I did is I
just exported this as HTML. So, if I
just open this up, let's see what that
looks like in HTML. So, basically just
gives us that exact thing that we could
scroll through and look at. I wonder if
it lets us still open that up. So, yeah,
we basically just have this project now
as HTML. But, anyways, what I'm going to
do now is we're going to just basically
start fresh. So, I'm going to switch
over to a new one. We're going to do
Tally. We're going to do high fidelity.
And this is going to be the Tally
landing page.
So, that was a waste of time. That was a
waste of my session. Let's see how much
we actually used here. That used 41. I
think we're at 34 before. So, it used
about 7%. So, definitely a waste of 7%
of my session, but I'm glad that I still
showed you guys that. Okay, so let's go
ahead and create this landing page. Now,
what I want to do here, and what I'm
going to show you guys is something
pretty cool.
I want to add a little bit of an
animated element to the background. So,
what I went ahead and did is I took our
logo and I went to Kling, and I went to
make a video. I gave it a start frame as
the bone background blank, the end frame
as our logo, and then I basically said
that I wanted to animate this. So, I
said, you know, I'm not going to read
this prompt, but if you guys want to
read it, I will just kind of slowly
scroll right here, so you can see. But,
basically what we get is this output.
Where it looks like the actual logo is
being kind of like a hand drawn in, and
then
the tally mark goes across. So, I
thought this would be cool to have
sort of like on the right-hand side of
the hero section, just kind of playing
on an endless loop in the background.
So, I've downloaded this, and we're
going to make sure that that is
implemented into this part of the
website.
So, what I'm going to do is I'm going to
go to my downloads. I'm going to grab
that animation, and I'm going to put
that in right here. You can see it's
being attached as tally animation.mp4.
It should already have access to our
logos and everything else that we need.
I'm also going to give it that brand
concept doc, because that has some
important stuff about the positioning
and the pricing.
But, before we actually build this, I do
want to do one thing. I want to do a
sketch. So, I'm going to click on new
sketch. I'm going to grab a square, and
I'm just going to give an overall kind
of 16x9 landing page. So, this is the
overall um
site. So, this is our
landing page. And the reason I'm doing
this is because I want to align with
Claude on the way that this is going to
work before it actually starts trying to
build. Because what I want to do is you
guys saw this video, right? It is kind
of a I think it's a square aspect ratio,
like 1x1. So, I want this to appear on
the
hero section, but I don't want it to be
covered by text. So, what I'm going to
do is try to do my best like
1x1 ratio
thing. And inside of that, I'm going to
mark this as
the Tally
animation.mp
4, which is what this shows up as on the
left-hand side right there.
And then what we'll do is we'll grab
another square,
and we can just make this one green, and
this will actually be like the hero text
section. So, I can just label this as
the hero
text, and maybe like if I do one more,
hero
subtext,
and then um what I can also do is we
probably want to have some sort of
navbar up top, so I'll just grab orange,
and I'll just do this, and I'll go ahead
and grab one more
text, and I'll just say like the logo
can go in the top left corner, and then
maybe we have like a um
nav
sections,
and then maybe on the right-hand side we
have like a
um call to action over here. So, now I'm
able to sort sort of give it just a
better rough outline of what we want,
and the sketch is being referenced down
here right there. Sketch, you know,
April 29th, 2026, napkin, whatever. So,
at this point, I feel more comfortable
about giving it a plan that it's able to
kind of more of one shot. So,
I'm going to start talking here. Okay,
so we want to design a landing page for
Tally, which is our product. I've given
you a sketch attached in this chat, and
that's kind of the way I'm imagining
this hero section at least looking for
our website. I'm imagining a navbar up
the top. I'm imagining hero text and
hero subtext on the left side of the
screen, and I'm imagining the tally
animation.mp4
on the right side of the hero section.
But, what's important is that the tally
animation, the color is the bone color.
So, I want the whole background of the
site to be bone, at least for the hero
section, so it looks like it naturally
and seamlessly fits in to the rest of
the hero section. So, we'll also have
hero text, we'll have hero subtext, and
then as we scroll down, I want you to
design the other sections of the site
using our Tally design system and using
the Tally brand concept markdown file
that I gave you. You can fill all of
this in with mock data at the moment. Um
and if you have any questions, feel free
to ask. So, that is what I'm going to do
for the initial prompt. We're going to
shoot that off. We're using Opus 4.7,
and I'll check in with you guys when we
get any questions or if we have some
sort of POC. All right. So, here's what
we got. I think it looks pretty nice.
I can sort of tell that the color of the
background doesn't perfectly match the
color of, you know, the video
background. You know, it's a little bit
off, but for the most part it's not bad.
What we could do is we could actually
make sure we get the exact hex codes and
match them if we wanted to really be
seamless. But, as a first pass, the
concept, I like the idea of having this
animated, and it got it right based on
my sketch, you know, the hero text, the
subtext. We've got the video over here.
We've got the navbar with the logo, the
nav, and the CTAs over here.
So, that looks all very nice. As we
scroll down, we start to get some
elements now that Claude design built in
itself without me having to ask. So,
we've got like connects via plaid,
256-bit encryption, read-only access, no
data resold, iOS and Android. Some nice
things that we want on a sliding banner.
We have four steps. None of them are
homework, so we can see connect a bank.
I like how it shows the average setup
time, so how easy it is to actually get
this stuff plugged in and set up. I
really like what the sample weekly. We
can see that it says like Sunday 27th,
but as we scroll, this stays locked, but
this keeps moving, and that gives it
sort of like a dynamic feel, which I
really like. You can also see that it's
throwing in our green accent, which is
really nice. And as we continue to
scroll down, we get more green accents,
we get more copy here.
I do think it would be nice to maybe
switch up the color, like if this one
was navy, and then this one was bone,
and then this one was navy again, just
to give a bit more of like, you know,
structured sections. But, I like the way
that this navy one looks, sort of like
that, right? Like I like the the
difference there, and I like this call
to action with the actual logo, and this
button sticks out really nice. So, as a
first pass, I think that this looks
really, really good. Now, same thing I'm
going to do here is say, "Hey, I like
this. Give me a bunch of tweaks. Let's
play around with some stuff." Okay, so
we got these tweaks back. Now, I would
zoom this in a bit more. Um I guess I'll
do this much, but the reason I didn't
was cuz earlier I was this zoomed in,
and the video was going down there. So,
let's do 125%. But, anyways,
we can do some tone things. So, right
now the background is warm to match the
video. We could also switch this to
dark, and obviously that would change
the video, so that's why I don't want to
do that. So, we'll go back to warm.
Um for texture, we can do subtle noise.
I don't really see too much of a change
there. It's a bit too subtle. We could
do a dot grid.
Once again, I'm not sure how much of a
change I'm seeing there. We could do
ledger lines. I'm definitely seeing
those ledger lines, and it's interesting
because if you can tell, it doesn't look
like those are fixed to a section. They
kind of are like an absolute ledger
line, which kind of adds a lot of like
3D depth, which I think is kind of cool.
We can also do graph paper, or we could
do paper fiber. I kind of like the paper
fiber, and that really shows
the depth. Okay. Yeah, let's say I like
the paper fiber. Texture strength. Okay,
here's where we can make that stronger
or weaker. So, if I go back to like the
dot grid,
now we can definitely see the dot.
Actually, you know what? I might like
the dot more. I like the strong dot
background. So, we'll stick with that.
We could add a vignette.
Uh I don't really think we need that.
Okay, so for the hero layout, we could
do split. We could do stacked. We could
do video left. I don't like that. We're
going to stick with split. The headline
font, we could go Nope, I like the sans.
Headline size, we could change. We could
change the text right here. So, money on
the level, or it could just be money.
Yay.
Um we could change the video frame. So,
none, hairline border, corner ticks,
card plate. I'm just going to leave this
as flush. I think that that looks the
best. An ornament dot. What is an
ornament dot? Let's turn that off. Okay,
so ornament dot, it's basically just
like a
a caption of what we're seeing. I'm
going to leave that there.
We can also get into what the accent
should be. So, for like these colors up
here, if I changed this to a different
color, it would change that. However, I
did like the default, so I'm not sure if
I'm going to be able to get that perfect
where it was. It was right about there.
We could change the intensity. The tally
mark watermark. Where is that?
I assume that's going to be somewhere
down here, right? Like
where is there going to be currently a
watermark?
Ah, I found it right here. That's pretty
cool.
You see how as you as you scroll down,
you see this in the background? I'm I
think that's awesome. I'm going to leave
that. Ledger numerals. So, I'm assuming
each section has some sort of number
right here. You can see three, and that
gets turned off. I'm going to keep that
on.
And then we can do, you know, we can
change the sections. So, the sample
weekly, if I turn that off, it just
completely removes that section. But,
all of these I like. So, those are the
tweaks that we were able to make, and if
we wanted even more, we could go ahead
and ask for more. But, I think that this
looks really solid as just a first pass.
I'll I'll ahead and click on present,
and I'll do it in this tab so we can get
the full screen experience. Now, there
is a bit of a gap here and I think that
it should probably be more flush like
this, but that'd be a really easy fix.
We would be able to do the edits or we'd
be able to do the draw and we'd be able
to iterate in order to make this better.
But yeah, I like the feel of it, you
know, for basically a one-shot prompt,
maybe, you know, two or three
iterations, we're already at a spot
where this is really good. It feels on
brand, it matches our pitch deck, it
matches our brand guidelines, and
anytime we wanted to make another
subpage or, you know, a certain
promotion or a different landing page,
we would be able to
keep this style. And I really like this
watermark how it only stays on that
background. If we go into navy, we don't
get it, but it comes right back. I think
that adds a lot of depth and a lot of
texture that I really actually enjoy on
the site. So, at this point, if we
wanted to be able to take this and push
that onto our live domain, we would
basically take this,
we would export it to Claude Code, so we
would just copy this command into Claude
Code, and then we'd push it onto our
GitHub, and then push that into Vercel,
or we could just export it as HTML, or
we could download this product as a zip
and get that onto a Vercel or, you know,
wherever we want to host that, however
we want. And I'm not going to show you
guys that right now. I'm later in this
video, there's going to be a section
where we do another full build and we
actually get it into Claude Code and we
push it. So, if you want to see that how
that works right now, just kind of scrub
over to that section and then you can
hop back. But there's so many different
things you can do here with this sort of
website. So, the video that you're going
to watch later, I actually do a live
build of this website, which is kind of
similar, right? We have an animated
video on this right-hand side, you can
see with that. And then we scroll down
and we get the different elements that
fit our brand. And then I also built
this website, kind of the same feel,
right? And we've got this was built,
once again, in Claude Design. And then
we also did this one, which I've
iterated upon a little bit, but I was
able to use um Claude Design to put a
video in the background, and this one is
more of a parallax scrolling effect
rather than having it be an endless
loop. And it's just a simple as saying,
"Hey,
I want to have this video be on the
background. I want it to be parallax
scrolling. I want it to be smooth. As
the user scrolls down or scrolls up, the
video should play in that order." And we
have these 3D dynamic sort of glass
morphism cards as well. And I was able
to pull some inspiration for all of this
kind of stuff from a few different sites
that I wanted to show you guys real
quick. So, the first one is Motion
Sites.
This one has a lot of cool backgrounds
and elements that are animated. And this
is actually the exact one I pulled
inspiration from for my AI Automation
Society website. And you can actually
just copy the prompt and give that
prompt to Claude Design and it will
recreate it for you. So, I could have
copied this prompt and I could have
said, "Hey, build me this website, but
use
our
Tally design spec." And it would have
just done it. It would have been super
cool. We would have obviously had to
give it a background video to play, but
it could have just done that.
Um and then there's also tons of other
ones, as you see, which you can use for
inspiration.
There's also other sites like
godly.website, which has basically an
endless scroll of more inspiration.
There's also something like awards with
three W's. There are tons of different
sites that you can use for inspiration.
And then when you really want to get
more granular, you can use something
like 21st.dev,
which has a bunch of components. So, if
I go to the components, we can see that
we have like announcements, and you
could pull an individual element by
copying the prompt and put that into
your website. You could also get some
animated backgrounds like these pills or
like, you know, that background path or
these different like animations and
things. You could also grab borders and
buttons and, you know, different things
that you want to put. So, once again,
all of this kind of stuff is going to be
good for you to go get some inspiration
from, and the coolest part about all of
this, you know, agentic coding and AI
website building is that these are all
basically just prompts. You can copy
them and put them straight into your own
site. So, definitely look at some of
these sites and play around with how
they work. Okay, so real quick, before
we move on to the next section, which is
going to be building a mobile app
prototype, let's just build a quick
brand guidelines for this for this
brand.
So, this project is super trained on our
website and our guidelines. So, what I'm
going to say is,
"Can you please output just a text-based
version of these brand guidelines? I
want you to include things like
the logo and the spacing and the font
and the colors and the typography and
just be as specific as you can about the
way that the buttons are, about the way
that the accents work. Give me a full
text breakdown of everything that's
important to know about the guidelines
for design when it comes to this
specific brand." And so, the reason that
I'm doing this is because I want to be
able to take this guidelines in text and
give that to OpenAI GPT-2 and have it
create what's one of those brand
guideline docs that you saw earlier,
like when we did this for AI Automation
Society. Now, what you could do, if you
don't want to do this in your design
session limit, which is probably wise,
would be to export this as, you know, a
zip or HTML or export this in some way
where you can see all of the individual
elements because, as you know, in the
files, this is what everything is. This
is what we need in order to make the
actual brand guidelines. So, if you
exported this as a zip and then you had
Claude analyze it or you had OpenAI
analyze it and then turn that into a
design guidelines um, you know, PDF,
then that would work just as well. But
for the sake of the demo, I'm just going
to do this in complete natural language
just because right now it's a bit
quicker. And let's go ahead and do a
quick Claude Design usage update. We are
at 51% used so far after the first demos
that we've been working on today
in this video. All right, so it came
back with a pretty large breakdown here.
Let me just go ahead and go all the way
to the top and copy this. You can see
this is very, very holistic. It really
didn't skip anything. I'm going to go
ahead and copy all of this.
I'm going to
bring this over to ChatGPT. I'm going to
click on create image and I'm going to
paste this in. And then I'm also going
to grab the Tally logo, the text or
sorry, the icon one, which is right
there. And I'm grabbing the text-based
version of the logo. And yeah, I think
we should be good. I'm just going to
say,
"I've attached two logos, the icon
version and the text version, and then
I've attached the brand guidelines
um in text. And what I want you to do is
create me
um basically a one-pager for the Tally
brand guidelines." So, I'm going to
shoot that off and hopefully we get
something back on the first pass that we
don't have to fix, but if we do have to
fix some font stuff, it's not a huge
deal. All right, so here's what we got
for Tally. You can see that it decided
to make it vertical instead of or yeah,
vertical instead of horizontal, which is
completely fine. If we wanted to change
it to landscape, we could. I don't
necessarily need to right now. But let's
go ahead and take a look at this. So, we
have the logo up top. We've got um the
icon, we've got the wordmark, the name.
We have the logo here with spacing,
which all looks good. So far, as I'm
looking through all of the text, nothing
seems to be off. I like how it has the
don't, you know, don't has It says,
"Don't recolor. Don't remove the period.
Don't do this. Don't rotate. Don't do
that." We've got all of our color scheme
stuff, so bone, we've got navy, we've
got the the green signals.
It's also giving us some different
mapping things. Here, we've got the
typography, which all looks good, I
think.
Berkeley Mono,
um free substitute. There's maybe a
little thing off right there, but it's
not too bad. And we also have this
secondary font, which all looks good.
We've got spacing and layout and we've
got UI and icons right there. So,
um you may not like this, you may not
you may want to iterate on it a little
bit, but I think that this is pretty
incredible that you can just generate
this that quickly. If you needed to make
some custom tweaks, you could take this
into Canva and change a few things. Or,
of course, right here, you could say,
"Hey, I want this to be, you know, less
wordy or make it landscape." Or whatever
you want to do here, but this image
model is really good at building stuff
like this. And you might be asking,
"Okay,
well,
why would I even do that if I already
have like my design system in Claude
Design?" And it's a good question
because you can, you know, export the
design system and you can give it to
Claude Code or even Codex or whatever
you want. But maybe, you know, sometimes
it's just nice to have an internal
one-page document that you can just look
at and kind of get some inspiration
from. Or even it maybe you need to send
it to an external vendor or a designer
or something like that. So,
it's nice to have and it also takes like
2 minutes, so why not? But let's go
ahead and move on to this next
um section. So, what we're going to do
now is we've done a pitch deck, we have
created our landing page, and now we
want to build a prototype of the mobile
app. So, this is another scenario where
I'm going to be doing the brainstorming
inside of actual Claude rather than
in Claude Design. So, I said literally
just this, "Give me a full spec for
mobile app. I want this to be a
requirement doc, and I want to turn this
text-based request into a live
high-fidelity breakdown of how the app
should look and feel." So, it gives us
all of this information. You can see
this is a massive
massive doc. I mean,
this is pretty
large. It's pretty comprehensive, so I'm
assuming that this is going to have a
lot of data. Now, this is going to use
a bit more input tokens on the way in in
order to, you know, have Claude Design
process it, but I think that it's worth
it because those input tokens are not as
as expensive as Claude outputting tokens
and going down the wrong path.
So, we're going to go ahead and just
skip the wireframe in this case. We're
going to go high-fidelity. We're going
to call this Tally
app
layout. Actually, we're going to just go
Tally app
design. And I'm also going to make sure
I say that this is for a mobile app, not
for a desktop app. We're going to make
sure that we switch our design system to
Tally design system. And let's go ahead
and get started. So, I'm going to first
of all just paste in that whole spec,
which was 804 lines.
And I think that's basically it. I mean,
I think I'm just going to say,
"I just dropped you in 804 lines of a
mobile app spec, and you already have
access to our Tally design system.
Go ahead and build this out. If there's
any questions that you have about this,
then feel free to shoot.
Otherwise, I will check in with you when
you're done." So, that is my amazing
prompt engineering that you guys just
witnessed or heard. And now I'll check
in with you guys when something
interesting happens.
All right. So, Claude does have some
questions for us. How much of the spec
should I build?
I want to do
all screens, I think.
Yeah, let's just go all screens.
Presentation format, design canvas, all
screens laid out side by side in iOS
frames. I like that. How interactive
should this be?
Yeah, I want this to be interactive.
Variations and tweaks. Light and dark
mode toggle, two to three layout takes
of this, variations of everything.
Uh yeah, let's just go for a lot of
those. Should the ask sheet actually
think? Wire to Claude, natural language
in, real answer out.
I can wire it to call Claude with
context about a fake user or just hard
code clever answers to the suggestion
chips. We're going to just go ahead and
hardcode stuff for now, but it's nice
because this is kind of giving you a
nice idea of what could happen once you
actually build out the back end of this
app.
How real should the fake data feel?
We're just going to go with the uh
reasonable is fine. How many insights on
the weekly? Three's good. Flow chart
visual treatment. So, I think you guys
understand the points of how this works.
It's going to help get very clear on the
vision before it starts building.
Okay. So, this just came back. You can
see the agent is still going through and
verifying to make sure that everything
is looking all right, but we've got all
of these tasks have been done. So, let
me just kind of go over here and zoom
out a little bit and we can take a look
at what we have on this board. You can
see that this is a full mock-up of all
of the different kind of like scenes and
sections that we'd be having in this
app. And what else is cool is you can
see that the verifier agent apparently
found something and it's fixing what it
found. So, let's just still continue to
go and look through this. So, each of
these individual components we could go
ahead and move around, it looks like. We
could also open them up full screen if
we wanted to scroll down. And you can
see that they're interactive. So, I know
this might be a little tough. Let's
actually just open this up full screen
in this tab. So, what's really cool is
as we open them up, we're not just being
able to look at them, but we can
actually click on the buttons. You can
see that we could come in here and type.
We could use this
button which asks about like what we can
afford, which is pretty cool. We can
open up one of these expenses and we can
see the different elements of design
throughout the app and how this would
actually function. We can mark this as
cash. We can hide from totals. This is
pretty nice. We can also switch between
the different sections. So, here's home.
Here's flow. We can see how these aren't
actually functional right now, but
that's what the way the buttons would
work. But we can expand all this stuff,
which is just really awesome. We also
have a dark mode and then we also have
one that's already open on the weekly.
Let's see what else we got down here. We
have the onboarding flow. So, I don't
know if there's too much to scroll
through here, but basically you get
started with an honest look at your
money and then you connect your bank
account and then there's three quick
questions to answer
as you can see right here. One
notification a week. You can allow
notifications. That looks really nice
with a little drop shadow. And then it
basically starts organizing everything
and setting up your app. It's also
giving me some variations for the actual
hero. Now, what you'll notice here is
that the app is pretty bland. Like it's
basically the um the bone color all the
way throughout, which I don't really
love. I mean it it has a nice polished
feel and the elements look decent, but I
don't love how bland and how dry the
whole site feels. But this is super
cool. All of the different elements that
it's able to show us on this app,
especially considering we basically just
gave it one prompt. It's even showing us
what the notifications would look like
on their iOS device.
And we can see some more dark mode uh
changes down here. So, once again, I'm
really going to heavily lean on Claude
design's creativity and the tweaks
feature.
I think that these look really good.
From like a structural point of view, I
like these, but what I've noticed as I
scroll down as I scroll through is that
it's very bland. You know, the
onboarding feels very dry. The home
variations of the hero section,
everything about it is just very bone.
There's not many accents. There's not
much um
you know, depth. It doesn't feel very
dynamic. Could you just upgrade this a
little bit? You know, make some polished
changes, give it some more texture, and
give me a bunch of things that we can
tweak in order to play around with what
we want the final design of this app to
look like. Awesome. So, we got a few
things that we can play around with here
as far as tweaks go.
Um let's start with the accent color.
So, we've obviously got green as the
main. We could also do terra. We could
do amber. We could do indigo. We could
do rose. I mean, I think green probably
fits the best with the accent. So, we'll
keep that as green. We could use the
accents more. So, quiet, medium, or
loud. I think that I like medium. It's
got a bit of a little bit of a like
gradient within the text.
We could add some more texture, whether
that is paper or grain. Hero scale could
be increased or decreased. I think big
is fine. The tally mark I really do
like. Um you can see right here in the
background we've got like the tally.
It's not really being spaced the right
way. Like if it was shifted over a
little bit more, I think that that would
look good, which we can obviously tweak.
The card style, lifted, flat paper.
Let's go somewhere where we can actually
see those cards. Aha, I found one where
it's talking about the cards right here.
So, these can be flat, they can be
lifted, or they can be paper. It's kind
of hard to tell actually like that, but
you can sort of see the difference when
you're zoomed out a little bit more. I
like lifted for sure. Subscriptions can
be either plain right here or can be a
bar and I like the bar better. So,
there's lots of little things that we
can tweak, but also let's say we wanted
to change a few things like pretty
specifically. So, I'm going to try the
draw function again. I'm going to go
ahead and draw
right here
and basically just say
the
you know, iPhone
time and
battery are
covering up some of the UI
which is not good.
So, that's one of those where I don't
think this is a specific element that we
would have been able to edit ourselves
or or move and drag. So, using the draw
here should hopefully work better. You
can see that this has been applied with
our circle there.
Um but I guess
it actually designed these elements as
part of this mock-up, but it didn't
realize that it shouldn't probably have
them overlap, which is interesting. The
other thing is the watermark. You know,
I really do like this, but it just feels
like it is kind of off the edge of the
page. So, I'm going to give some
feedback about that, too. But they
really need to fix this bug when you
draw and you start typing to give
feedback, you like can't see the actual
note. It gets stuck down there and
that's pretty annoying. So, I just made
a couple tweaks. You can see it was able
to fix this issue right here. It also
fixed the logo and bumped it over to the
left a little bit more. And you can
definitely tell that after that first
iteration, it's been, you know, spruced
up a little bit. Like the onboarding I
think looks better. It has a little bit
more depth and it feels more polished.
But there's still a long way to go. And
you know, it's going to take more than
30 minutes to actually design a full app
and I'm not going to be able to show you
guys that in this masterclass because
iteration is the name of the game.
Because even as you start to develop the
back end and as you, you know, actually
put, you know, your first 500 to 1,000
users going through, you're still going
to be making changes. You're still going
to be getting feedback and changing
things. Like for example, if I was
clicking in here through the settings,
first of all, I don't like that icon for
settings. I don't know why it wouldn't
just be a gear. And also like these
things are coming through wrong. Like
they're all out of bounds. The toggle's
out of bounds. The text is out of
bounds. So, there's a lot of little bugs
and things like that that we're still
going to need to fix. But when you think
about how much context we just dumped in
to Claude design, you know, like 800
plus lines, and we get this to start,
and now we just have to actually take
the time to QA and go through and make
those changes. But this is really
starting to bring something to life. If
you think about where we started at the
beginning of this video, we basically
just had
a very, very vague idea and now we have,
you know, our pitch deck, our website,
and we're starting to bring the app
concept to life. And also, honestly,
most of the app, I think that the dark
mode looks better. I think that the
green is a little bit more dynamic here
and I think that the shadows and like
the watermark and I think that other
elements will just actually kind of
appear in a more aesthetic way
throughout the rest of the app. So, I'd
probably from here, you know, maybe take
these dark mode concepts and I'd keep
iterating on this version of the app.
But this is another good example of
showing you how Claude design is able to
give you all these different mock-ups on
a board. Let's do another quick check on
our actual usage here. All right. So,
after everything that we've done so far
today, we are at 85% of our Claude
design limit has been used up. Okay. So,
let me walk you guys through a different
journey real quick of what I did when I
first hopped into Claude design. So, I
built my design system for AI Automation
Society. And then I was able to have it
help me build the AIS website. And then
from there I pretended, okay, what if
we're having a promotion for um you
know, like a first agent type of
workshop. So, then I used that design
spec and I gave it some information
about this promotion, which is a fake
promotion, but I gave it information and
it built me this landing page, which
feels exactly like our website, which
was great, right? I think if I wasn't
zoomed in weird, it would it would
format a little bit better.
But then we had this landing page, which
feels exactly like our website. And then
from there, I was like, okay, cool. What
else can we do here? Let's actually make
a release video for this promo. So, then
I threw that into here and look what we
got. If I start this from the beginning,
I mean, this is really impressive. We've
got animations. We've got motion
graphics. What if you could build an
agent this weekend, your first AI agent?
The bar comes in in an animated way.
There's a scrolling banner at the
bottom. These load in really nice.
And we also have this little terminal
style animation, which is super cool. We
see text coming in and we see all of
these animations and elements coming in.
Now, all of this is actually, you know,
it has all the context of the website,
so it was able to make this accurate.
But also, this is definitely something
you could throw on your socials in order
to promote this,
you know, promotion. So, what we're
going to do now is the fourth and final
thing that we're doing as far as this
live build is we're going to make a
launch video for Tally. Now, when I did
this one that you guys just saw, all I
did was I just told it to do it and it
just animated the HTML. But what we're
able to do to make this even better is
we're able to use something called
hyperframes, which I've actually made a
lot of videos about on my channel so
far, Claude code and hyperframes, to
create animations that look like this. I
mean, it's basically just being able to
use the AI to write the HTML and then
have it animated and be able to have it
rendered. So, like for example, this
launch video from HeyGen, who created
Hyperframes, was built in Claude Design
using Hyperframes. You know, so if we
just click through here, you can see the
way it's able to animate stuff. It's
It's amazing. So, all we have to do is
go grab this skill right here, which I
will link in the description of this
video, and I'm just going to go ahead
and download this raw file. This is
going to download it as markdown. You
can see it's Claude Design Hyperframes.
So, we're going to go into Claude
Design. We're going to open up a new
project. I'm going to click on from
template, and I'm going to click on
animation. This is going to be Tally
Launch
Video, and we're going to change the
design system, of course, to Tally
Design System, and we're going to create
that.
Now, what I'm going to do is I'm going
to grab that
skill right there, so that markdown
file, and I'm basically just going to
say
the goal of this project is to
you know, make an animation. I want you
to make a launch video for Tally. So,
you have Tally Design System. I'm also
going to give you the Tally Brand
Concept, which I just dropped in as
another markdown file, and then you have
the Claude Design Hyperframes markdown
file, which is going to teach you how to
actually create the motion graphics and
render out this animation, or this
sorry, animated video. So, that's what
we want. We're targeting a landscape
video. We're hoping for maybe, you know,
20 to 30 seconds of fast-paced
information. The ultimate goal is to
announce Tally, announce what it does,
and um you know, at the end, a big call
to action for people to sign up and
start their free trial. So, that's what
I want you to do here. So, that is my
prompt, and I'm going to go ahead and
shoot that off. We'll see if we get any
questions, but otherwise, I will just
show you guys that finished output and
see what it looks like. Okay, so we got
a 25-second video. Let's give it a quick
watch.
Tally, money on the level.
No budget, no goals, no envelopes.
No coach, no streaks, no pep talks.
It just shows you what happened.
Little swirl out animation. I like that.
Um weekly, can I afford a $400 jacket?
Yes, but tight. Rent hits in 8 days. $8
per month or 72 bucks a year. Tally.
Okay.
So, it's nice. I like the CTA at the
end. It feels on brand, obviously, but
it's very bland, right? Like it's not
very engaging. I wish there were more
dynamic elements. And
Claude Design with Hyperframes should be
able to make things a little bit more
dynamic. So, we're going to definitely
make some iterations here. The logic of
all this is good, but let's make this
more fast-paced. Let's keep our
audience's attention. Let's make it
engaging. Let's
certain elements, you know, more
animations, more motion graphics. There
should be more going on on screen than
just a couple bullet points coming up.
That's boring. Tell a story here. Make
this exciting. You know, it's a big day.
We're launching an app, and we are
inviting people to be a part of the
journey.
And so, that's what I think is so cool
about all this kind of stuff is as
humans, we're very good at knowing what
we want, and we're knowing when we don't
like something, but we don't always know
the vehicle to get there. So, what you
just saw me do is as if I was talking to
like you know, a human video editor or
someone like that, right? Like I'm
telling the end goal, and I'm just
hoping that Claude Opus 4.7 is able to
understand and translate my request of
like more engaging, tell a story. I'm
hoping that it's able to translate those
kind of high-level vague ideas that are
a little bit more emotional into
something objective, into actual code
that we can render out. So, let's see
what we get back. All right, so the
agent is still verifying, but let's go
ahead and give it a watch. Wow. I mean,
that's already much better. That was
pretty cool.
I like that. An app that doesn't try to
change you, it just shows you what
happened.
Very nice.
I like that fade out.
I still like this scene.
Can I afford a $400 jacket? Yes, that's
way more engaging.
Found a few you forgot.
Okay, so there's a little bit of an
issue with like the pacing on some of
the stuff. It's very quick, but overall,
I mean, that is so much better. And
another small small issue is
it keeps doing this thing with the logo.
If you guys saw here at the end, that
logo isn't right, and it keeps doing
with this with Tally. So, that is one of
the major flaws I've noticed with Claude
Design so far is it messes up the logo.
Luckily, with my AIS logo, it's just the
letters AIS, and it never messes that
up. But if your logo is more of an icon,
and there's some like delicate detail
things in there like the slash, it might
mess it up, which is kind of annoying,
but usually when you correct it, it's
able to fix it, but it does use more
tokens to do that.
But I mean, at this point, can you
imagine and think about how long would
this have taken you
to hand this off to a designer, or for
you to go ahead and animate yourself?
Like that is incredible, and all I had
to do was say, "Tell me a story." So, I
love this. And at this point, what do
you do? So, you can't actually export
this. You can't render it right here as
an MP4, but you've got options. You
could hand it off to Claude Code, and
Claude Code could render it. You could
do the same thing with a zip file or the
HTML. But, you know, also for like a
25-second video, you could also just
make this full screen and then just
screen record it. Like that's also an
option you have. So, I'm sure at some
point they're going to add like a native
MP4 render in this platform, but right
now you've got a couple other options if
you actually want to be able to use the
um video. But I absolutely love that the
first couple seconds. I love that
animation. That is just a scroll
stopper, for sure. Now, another pretty
important thing to be aware of is how
Claude actually uses your tokens. Right
here, you can see it says, "Start a new
chat to save 110,000 tokens of context.
This uses your rate limits more
effectively." So, if you were to want to
keep
to, you know, export that HTML and open
up a new project and continue to make
some changes there because we've talked
so much in here that this is going to
pollute this window, and it's going to
make us use more and more of our
session. So, that is just something that
you want to keep in mind if you're
planning on iterating on a certain
project like over and over and over and
shooting more messages and more messages
and more messages. That would also be a
reason why people are finding that
they're just running through their limit
in, you know, like 20 minutes or
something. And I want to show you guys
something else that's really cool. So,
we're using a tool called Hyperframes,
right? So, Hyperframes is kind of the
framework that we just gave Claude
Design to understand how to create these
HTML graphics and stuff. Without
Hyperframes, Claude Design could still
do it. Don't get me wrong, but
Hyperframes just has a lot of elements
and makes it a little bit better. So,
Hyperframes has a really cool catalog
where you can look through
different things, and you could just
copy the code into Claude Design. So,
we've got like a follow notification.
We've got a Mac OS notification. We've
got all these things. We've got
different transitions like a chromatic
radial split. We've got a cross warp
morph. We've got a glitch. We've got all
these different elements that we can
pull in. And what's really cool is that
Claude Design
can search the web, and it can look at
GitHub repos, and it can do stuff like
that. So, what I did is I pulled in this
one called the app showcase, where we
have three different mobile phones come
out, and there's some sort of animation
within each. And all I literally did was
I took the URL of this exact website,
this page we're looking at. I gave it to
Claude, and it fetched it. So, it looked
at the page, it browsed the GitHub repo,
and it was able to pull all those
elements in, and then I told it to add
another scene in this video. If you guys
remember, it was 25 seconds, now it's 30
seconds. So, it came through, and it
iterated on the way that the phone
needed to go in there. I had to prompt
it one more time to fix it, but now if
we go about halfway through, and I'll
play this,
watch this new scene that we just got
with the mobile phones.
Right here. Your money in your pocket.
All of those phones animate, and we get
a little bit of a bounce with a glow.
So, it was just a really nice animation
and a really cool scene that I was able
to add in here super easily because I
was able to leverage one of those
catalogs that already exist. Even maybe
if I didn't copy in that code or the URL
and have Claude Design pull it,
then that catalog still has a lot of
good stuff for inspiration. So, I
definitely wanted to show you guys that
Claude Design can fetch pages, can
search the web, and
that catalog has some pretty cool gems
in there. So, now we have our launch
video. I I swear I didn't plan this, but
those four bills, including setting up
the design MD or the design system, took
about 95% of my Claude Design. So,
almost all the way, we were still able
to get pretty far. Obviously, none of
that is like perfectly polished to the
point where we'd go live with
everything, but it just gives you a
little bit of an idea of how far that
will get you. But, I mean, in the past,
you know, couple hours or so, we were
able to take absolutely nothing, you
know, a very rough idea of a brand, and
we turned that into
an actual concept, an actual business
idea, a logo, brand guidelines, a design
spec. We built a pitch deck. We built a
landing page. We built a mobile app
prototype. And we built a launch video.
All with our natural language inside of
Claude Design. Now, from here, what else
do I want to talk about? So, four moves
that compound. The first one is to
reference, don't describe. So, give real
screenshots of things. Give real um
specific advice. You know, highlight the
elements you want to change. Make the
changes yourself. Draw things. Add the
tweaks. Being as specific as possible
with your prompting is what's going to
help you, and that's also why maybe
doing a lot of your planning inside of
regular Claude, and then bringing that
refined plan into
Claude Design is going to help you out a
lot.
We've also got, don't use defaults. You
know, that's where you get the AI slop,
and that's why we have things like, you
know, front-end design within Claude. We
have all these other things that we can
do. But if you're not giving it your own
spin on the copy, your own design
system, obviously, then it's going to
feel way more generic. And that's what
leads us into number three, which is to
just do the design system first. Don't
go build five, but build one, build it
well, and share it with your team so
that everything feels consistent. You
can obviously iterate on that. If later
you have a different type of button that
you want to switch out, just switch it
out in your design system. If you end up
changing your logo or your colors, just
switch it out. And then, what I would
say is to iterate in chunks. I found it
best that if you try to make Claude make
like five changes in one prompt, it kind
of loses track of those, and it doesn't
do a great job. So, iterate one
feature at a time. So, let's talk about
some limits. What's going on here?
Obviously, the more you pay, the more
usage you're going to have. So, if you
would have been on Pro or Max 5X and you
were trying to follow along with exactly
what I did in this masterclass, you
would have hit your limit much quicker
than I did because I'm on the $200 a
month plan. Now, a lot of people are
complaining about how fast they're
eating up their limits. Here's what some
people are saying, "I burned 80% of my
weekly Pro budget on one webpage. 95% of
my quota is gone after a single design
system iteration." And yes, I will
admit, the usage is a lot less than I
would have hoped. But there are a lot of
things to play with, a lot of levers to
pull. I've already talked about a lot of
these throughout the whole video, you
know, talking about little things that
we could do. I also don't know why this
is referencing me. I did not tweet that.
But anyways, those are a lot of the tips
that I went over and I didn't even show
you guys how you can switch the model,
you know, we didn't do anything besides
Opus 4.7 so far, but you can definitely
play around with Sonnet and Haiku to
make little tweaks as well. Now, I'm
about to hop into a different segment
where I do another live build and I talk
about some other things as well. And at
the end of that, we go into some more
stuff about how to make your session
last even longer. But a lot of the stuff
that I've shown, like I said, it's just
the mindset shift of Claude design is
separate usage. So, only use Claude
design if you specifically need Claude
design. So, when not to use Claude
design? Well, if your work falls into
these buckets, you might just burn your
quota and it's just not worth it. So,
here are some things that I listed down
here. But what else I was thinking
about, too, is
you know, when you get to the point
where Claude design has been used up,
well, you can move that into Claude
code, of course, because you can take
that design spec, bring that into Claude
code, and now you're just burning
through a different session. So, you're
not even eating into any of the Claude
design limit. And sometimes you might
get to a point where there's something
that actually would be easier to iterate
upon in
a manual way. So, for example, let's say
this was a static site, right?
Um
or let's say you were trying to create
like some sort of poster or a PDF.
If you were wrestling with Claude code
trying to get the logo to look right on
here, why not just do that in Canva, you
know? Why not just replace that in Canva
because it could take you 5 seconds,
whereas here, it would take you probably
a few minutes, and it would also take
you
it would eat tokens, right? So, like AI
is great and you want to use it, but
sometimes
it's just easier and quicker to just go
do it manually. And if you get to a spot
where you can already export it to
PowerPoint and make your tweaks or
export it to Figma or Canva, then just
do it. So, from here, what I want you
guys to think about is when does Claude
design fit into your workflow? And what
elements do you already have that you
can use Claude design to make better or
make more consistent? So, pick a real
artifact that you want to ship. Write
your own design.md or your design
guidelines. And then, after you've done
some iteration inside of
Claude design, then bring it somewhere
else. Bring it to Claude code. Bring it
to, you know, Figma, whatever you want
to do. Now, this last section that we're
about to hop into is going to be another
live build, but this time at the end,
we're actually going to bring it into
Claude code. We're going to sync it to a
GitHub repo, and we're going to have
that automatically sync to Vercel so we
can put that on a real domain. So, from
a design perspective, it's very similar
to what we've been doing throughout the,
you know, earlier in this video, but at
the end, we're adding on some extra
elements if you want to make these
things live. And then, once again, I'm
going to cover some other things about
how to make your session last longer.
So, I'll see you guys over in this next
section. So, in just 20 minutes, I was
able to transform my AI Automation
Society website from this to this. We're
now, as I start to scroll, we go on this
journey. We go through this scene where
we have these different cards that pop
up, and you can see they're kind of 3D,
they're interactive. And as we keep
scrolling, we're going more through the
journey. We've got this next slide. We
keep going here. We've got this one,
everything you need to master AI
automation. And you can see that this is
a much more interactive and polished
feel than the way that it used to be.
We've got the final call to action to
join the movement, and you can see we've
kind of went through the journey of like
an evolution of technology, which I just
think was super super cool. And what
you'll notice is I was able to take the
brand feel and the vibe and the colors
and all of the copy, and I was able to
just move it over really easily. So, it
has all the same important information,
but it's just a much more interactive
feel. And then, 20 minutes later, I was
able to do the exact same thing with my
personal website. Here you can see it's
got sort of like dark vibes. It's got a
bunch of statistics. It's got different
things that I'm up to. And I just kind
of transformed it to be a little bit
more dynamic. You can see it's me
sitting on some floating island in the
middle of space and I'm working on a
computer. But as we scroll down, we have
the same elements. We have the same
copy. We have the same feel. But now it
just has a lot more depth and it just
feels a lot more polished. So, what I'm
going to show you guys today is how we
set up websites like this using Claude
design. We can have different elements.
We can have different feels. And
everything is designed in a way that is
just way more engaging and professional.
And I've been trying a lot of different
things here. You can see I've already
eaten through my design quota and I've
already spent over $200 in extra usage
just playing around with the stuff. So,
not only am I going to show you guys the
tips and the tricks that I've learned,
but I'm also going to go over some
important stuff like how do you actually
not drain your limit faster? And how do
you get the most out of what you're
doing here? I don't want to waste any
time today. Let's just go ahead and get
straight into the video. All right. So,
I'm about to show you guys everything
you need to do step by step to take an
idea from your brain onto an actual
website and deployed so that other
people can actually view it and access
it. Okay. So, let's say you want to
transform a website. All you would
really want to do is if this has some
sort of code base in GitHub or Claude
code or wherever this actually lives,
you can basically just grab that GitHub
repo or you can grab the folder with all
of the contents and just give it to
Claude design. So, that's kind of like
the first method. The other method is,
what if you just have an idea? And what
if you just need to build a website from
scratch? Well, let me show you what I'm
doing here inside of actual Claude chat
in order to give us an example to build
together today. So, I said, "I want to
build a website using Claude design and
I'm looking for some inspiration on the
type of website that I should build.
What is the product or service that
we're offering? And what should the hero
section and actual copy be like? Help me
basically build a brand and I don't, you
know, give me the spec for this."
So, it came up with this idea of having
a nightly wind-down drink, one scoop of
magnesium glycinate, blah blah blah. But
the brand is called Lull and it gives me
the positioning and the voice, visual
identity, and what the site should look
like. So, that's awesome. And then I
come back and I say, "Cool. I want to
create a video that will play in the
background of the hero section and it
will just be on an endless loop. I need
the video to fit the vibe and I want it
to have a wow factor so that when people
go to the website, they're like, 'Oh
wow, this is, you know, professional.'
There should not be any text, but it
should also have room where we could
insert a block for the hero text and the
subtext." So, what I'm asking it for is
an image prompt for the background and
then a video prompt to animate that. So,
it spits out an image prompt right here.
So, basically, the theme, the concept is
a dark ceramic mug with a warm liquid
inside and then just kind of having that
be, you know, steaming in the
background, which would give it a nice
feel and it will fit the vibe of like,
you know, sleepy time tea or whatever
this is supposed to be.
So, it gives me the image prompt and I'm
going to go over to key.ai. I'm using
Nano Banana 2. So, I drop in the image
prompts right here. I make sure that
it's a 16 by 9 ratio and then I get this
image, which, as you can see, is
basically just a
mug with some sort of liquid. This is
where we put the hero text and the
subtext, which is nice, and then it's
steaming. And then I take this image and
I go back into a different tab in Key
and I go to SeeDance 2.0 and I put that
image in as the first frame and the last
frame, and I go ahead and I grab that
prompts down here for the video prompts
in order to animate the image. The key
thing here is that the camera isn't
moving. It's basically just a still
frame or a still video of this coffee or
whatever it is being animated. So,
here's what this looks like. As you can
see, it's just steaming and it looks
really nice. Now, imagine this is the
background of a website when you've got
text over here. Could look pretty nice.
Okay. So, now we have those initial
elements. I'm going to open up Claude
design and I'm going to go ahead and do
a new prototype and we're going to start
with a high-fidelity prototype. I'm not
going to use a design system because in
this case, we're kind of starting our
own new brand and maybe we can build a
design system around this later, but for
now, I'm just going to go ahead and say
none. And we're going to call this Lull
website because that's the name of the
brand. So, I'm going to hit create.
What it's going to do is it's going to
spin up this little lovable like
interface. If we wanted to, we could
start with a sketch over here. So, we
could literally come in here and say,
"Okay. Um
you know, here's going to be our
website. This is where Oh, I wanted
another square.
This is where we're going to have like
the main
video. So, it'll be the background of
the hero.
And I could come in here and say like
this is the
um hero
background
video. And then we want another box over
here, which will be like the hero text
and subtext.
Hero text. And then I'll come down here
and just say
hero
subtext. We could also probably want
like some sort of navbar up top. So,
this is like
you know, the logo might be over here.
Oops, that's not how you spell logo. And
then we could also have like, you know,
shop or something like that. And so,
this is just a way for us to sort of
visually get on the same page as Claude.
And then, of course, you can see down
here, it would be looking at the sketch.
So, let's just go ahead and keep this
for now. Obviously, if you have a better
vision, you can put some more
time and attention into this. You could
also lay out the rest of your site down
here, too.
Um and then you can add like notes and
stuff. But for now, let's just leave it
like that. And what I'm going to do now
is I'm going to drag in that actual MP4
that we got from SeeDance.
You can see that it's uploading the file
and it's right here. Now, this was an
8-second video. It's not going to let
you upload videos that are like 30
seconds long. There's a cap and I
believe it's around 30 or 40 megabytes.
So, just keep that in mind. I've gotten
away with uploading 15-second videos. I
tried a 20-second video and it worked,
but just keep that in mind. So, now what
I want to do is
Claude already did all the hard heavy
lifting for us, you know? If I come back
all the way up here, it basically gave
us the brand and all of this stuff with
a visual identity, the different
sections, the footer. And you can see
that it also has like, you know, colors
and stuff. So, I'm going to take this.
I'm going to go back into Claude design
and I'm just going to paste that in. And
that gets pasted in as like
a little bit of an artifact because it
was a long bit of text. So, now, I just
explained what I wanted it to do. "Hey
Claude design, I've given you a couple
things. I've got a sketch, which is just
my basically idea for the hero section.
There's going to be a lot of little
sections beneath, which you will be on
your own to figure out what that should
look like. I've given you the sleep
background.mp4.
This is a video that I want you to be
playing on an endless loop in the
background, and you should see that the
hero text will be on the left side
compared to that.
And then I pasted in 23 lines of text,
which is kind of the brand identity, the
feel for the website, and how you should
write the copy. And just go ahead and
write all the copy for
for now. We can make tweaks later.
Okay, so I'm going to paste that in.
I'm going to go ahead and chew that off.
If you guys are curious about how I'm
doing voice to text, check the
description for the tool. Um I'm using
actually usage, by the way. But it's
going to start to build this out. And if
it has any specific questions for us, it
will come back and it will ask those
questions. But right now it looks like
it's just going to run. And also, keep
in mind, this is right now using Claude
Opus 4.7. So, honestly, like the
planning phase, I like to use Opus 4.7.
If we wanted to later make some
iterations and we wanted to do other
things, we could bump the model down.
But keep in mind, this is going to use
Opus 4.7, which is the most expensive
model that is publicly available to us
right now. But I love how we still have
the feel of of Claude over here, because
it's telling us what it's thinking, we
can see what it's doing, it makes it
to-do list, so it's very easy for us to
just check in on how how it's going and
where we are. It's creating a design
system here, so we've got kind of a
color palette, we've got text right
here. And it's honestly best practice,
especially when you're getting used to
Claude design, to just watch what it's
doing. And go ahead and stop it if it's
going down the wrong path, because if
it's going down the wrong path, it's
going to build stuff, and that's going
to use a lot of your session limit. So,
you might as well stop it and kind of
refresh or
re-correct it before it wastes all that
time. Now, while this is running, I want
to show you guys the way that I was able
to get some other inspiration. There's
this really cool site called
motionsites.ai, and shout out to my guy
Aiden. He showed me the site and I was
like, this is awesome. So, the way this
works is you can basically look at
backgrounds, and you can look at actual
other sites for inspiration. So, what
you'll notice here, if you guys remember
my version of AI Automation Society, so
this website where we have this kind of
scene in the background, and as we
scroll through we have these visual
cards, it's like a journey for the POV
of the actual end user.
I was inspired by this one. So, if I
open this up, you can see this is a
scroll journey. It's got these 3D
dynamic elements in the cards. And I was
able to literally just copy this prompt,
and I gave this to Claude design, and I
said, "Hey, this is a cool concept. I
want you to replace the background image
with Oh, sorry, not the background
image. I want you to replace the
background video with this background
video." And I dropped in mine. And I
said, "I want you to
update all of the copy and the brand
colors and feel to my brand." And then I
gave it in like a design system. So,
that's basically all I had to do to turn
my AI Automation Society into this. And
there's so many other ones. Most of
these are free. I am on the paid plan,
which is literally just 99 bucks for for
life, so that's pretty cool. But some of
these are going to be premium, some of
these are going to be free. But like I
said, you basically just find the ones
you like, find the ones that fit your
brand,
hit copy, give that to Claude design,
and it will recreate it. And then you're
able to just tweak from there. And then
if I go to backgrounds, you can see that
there's just a bunch of backgrounds that
we can look at. So, for some reason,
it's not registering that I'm a premium
member. Um but either way, let's say we
really like this background. I could
copy this. If I open up a new tab and
paste that in, it basically just gives
me that animation, which I could
obviously go ahead and download and then
display behind the text on my website,
behind the different sections on my
website. Considering that most of the
stuff here is free,
head over to Motion Sites and just play
around. It's going to give you some
inspiration, and there's a lot of cool
elements in here that you can work in.
So, also, like if you guys remember my
Nate Hurk one, I'm sitting here on a
floating island and I'm working on who
knows what. And I was inspired by some
of these, you know, this one was kind of
an abyss, this one was someone working.
So, I'm not necessarily recommending you
just copy these elements and put it on
your site. You certainly can. But this
is just a good way to sort of get a
little creative and get some
inspiration. Okay, but we are back in
Claude design now. And what we have is
we have our first iteration, which I
mean, this looks awesome. Like this
text, lol, this text right here, this
all feels very on brand.
We can see here that as we scroll down,
the image is a little bit dynamic Oh,
sorry, not the image. I keep saying
image. The video is a little bit
dynamic. I think this all looks I mean,
just amazing. It feels very on brand. We
keep going down and we can see we get
some background, we get some context as
far as like what the product the the
problem that it solves. And this is
incredible. Just once again, all of this
was generated by Claude, the idea, the
design,
the prompts, not the actual images and
videos, but the prompts. And I I love
this. Now, what's really cool about
this, and a great way to save tokens, is
that you can just iterate right here.
You know, if you put this prompt into
Claude Code, you would maybe get
something that visually looks like this.
But in order to go back and forth and
make tweaks, you would have to like take
some awkward screenshots, or you would
have to be very specific. But right
here, what we can do is we can add
comments. I could basically just click
on something, and we can change how it
works. So, for example, the how it works
button. Let's say I wanted to make this
a different color, maybe like the gold
color.
Go ahead and make this button the color
of the comma uh in the hero text. Make
it a gold accent. And so now I can just
say, "Hey, send this to Claude." And it
gets the exact comments about the exact
element that I was referring to. So,
it's not going to get confused. We can
also do edits straight in line. So, if I
came here and I was like, "Okay, I don't
want this em dash. That looks very AI."
I could just delete it, and then I could
just close that out, and it's going to
make that change for us, because I was
just able to edit it right there. So, I
can change the text. I could even, you
guys noticed, change the size. So, if I
wanted this all to be a little bit
smaller,
I could just come into here, and I could
just go, "Okay, make that 15." Or make
that 10. And it's going to change it
right in real time. And then Claude just
makes the change for us. You can also
draw. So, like right here, let's say I
don't love the way that the video just
kind of ends so abruptly.
I can just kind of make a circle around
this,
and then I can type and just say, "I
don't like how this ends so abruptly.
Add a transition
overlay or gradient,
so it feels
smoother." And I shoot that off by
hitting send. Now, when I do the drawing
thing,
the little comments get stuck down
there, so it's sometimes it's hard to
see. That's just kind of a UI bug. Once
again, this is in research preview, so
little kinks will get ironed out. But
that's a really nice feature to be able
to just draw. Okay, so you can see that
that button changed colors. I like that.
Everything else that we have
changed has been changed. And it
hopefully, you can see it added a little
line here. So, that's not exactly what I
wanted. I would iterate a little bit. I
was kind of hoping for sort of like a
gradient transition, but either way, at
least it knew exactly what I was
referring to. Okay. So, anyways, at this
point, we would read through all the
copy and we would iterate. And like I
said, I think that this looks pretty
solid. But now, if you are not someone
who's creative, you might be like,
"Okay, what do I even add?" If you are
someone who's creative, you're probably
going to have a lot of features that you
want to add, and at that point, you'll
iterate, make some changes, make some
prompts. But let's say you just want to
know what else is possible, and you want
to see what Claude can come up with.
Watch this. You come into here. This is
a really great iteration one.
I want to see what else is possible. I
want to see how this website could be
improved. So, just add a bunch of things
that I can tweak, and put those on there
for me, different colors, different
sliders, different panels, and just give
me a bunch of things to play with. And
this is one of the biggest benefits and
things that I love about Claude design,
even compared to other, you know,
website builders, is that we have this
tweaks panel right here. Right now, we
have none, but it's going to add a bunch
of tweaks that we can just play with in
real time.
And that way we're able to see, "Okay, I
love this, don't like this so much." And
it has helped me feel a lot more
creative in times when I'm kind of
sitting there lacking inspiration. Real
quick, guys, I know we're going to be
going over a lot of information today,
so I'm going to throw in everything that
we're talking about here, all of the
different things to keep in mind, into a
free resource guide that you can access
for completely free by joining my free
school community. As you can see, join
the free community. This will take you
to AI Automation Society. You will go
into the classroom, and inside of the
all YouTube resources, you will be able
to find everything. The document that
I'm referring to, and I'm also going to
include basically the zip file of this
website. If you guys want to extract it
and understand how it works and how the
scrolling animations work, you can dive
into it, and you can let Claude Code or
Claude Design dive into it. But it's
really quite simple. Like I said, I
basically just said, "Hey, here's the
video, but instead of just playing it, I
want you to only associate each frame
with like a scroll position, so that as
I scroll down or up, the video goes
forward or reverses." So, anyways, let's
get back to the video. Okay, so our
tweaks are here, and you can see on this
right-hand side, we have a ton of things
that we could play with, which is just
going to be so cool. So, let's start up
at the top. We have a palette. So, this
was the default. We could also go to
more of a blue, or more of a brown, and
more of a green, or whatever these is. I
I'm sure you guys can't tell a ton, but
the colors here are changing. Now you
can see more. The background is
changing. We can get sort of like a
green, we can get more of a brown. We
have more of a light mode here. So, this
would let you play around with what you
think fits the brand the best. And
obviously, I don't like this, because
the hero looks weird. So, we could tweak
that. I kind of like the brown. But
anyways, what else? We have the accent
hue. So, we can change this. You see how
the hue was kind of like a gold? We can
change this to see what other colors
might look good with our main color
scheme. For now, I really like the
default, which was kind of over here,
more of like a golden bronze, so we'll
keep it there.
We have the text as well. So, I could
switch this around Oh, sorry, not the
text, the font. And I could play with
different fonts to see what I actually
like. And we can see where else it
changes. So, looks like this is changing
kind of the primary font everywhere.
This is kind of more of a secondary, but
this is changing the main text
everywhere. We can also see the headline
slider, so this can make it bigger or
smaller. We can play around with the way
that it wraps and everything, so that's
nice. The headline could be written all
uppercase, it could be lowercase, which
actually I like. I'm going to keep it
all lowercase. And then we can change
the actual text right here, of course.
The hero layout we could play around
with. Obviously, I don't want it
centered. We want it left aligned,
because we made the video that way, so
we're going to keep that. But hopefully
you guys are starting to understand what
I'm talking about now. We have sort of
like this overlay we can play around
with. We have the video dim that we can
play around with. I'm sure you guys
Unfortunately, you can't really see. I
wish that they could move. Like I wish
you could drag this tweak slider
anywhere, but I'm sure that'll come. We
have something called section rhythm,
which I probably have to scroll down to
see what that is. Okay, so this is
basically just like the gaps between the
sections. So, we could make that smaller
or larger. We have the ritual card
style. I'm not sure where the rituals
are. Here they are. So, flat, bordered,
or big numerals. I think I like the big
numerals. So, yeah, I'm sure you guys
get the point by now. We're able to just
play around with the tweaks, and of
course, we could just hit reset, which
would reset everything. So, there's
really nothing to lose here. Actually
making tweaks and then saving those
changes is going to save you more time
and also more of your session limit than
if you're just having a conversation
back and forth with Claude, because we
all know how that can go if you just
shoot off prompt after prompt after
prompt after prompt. Because also think
about the fact that if you were doing
this in Claude code and you had all
these tweaks that you wanted to play
with, this is basically like, "Hey, I
wonder what it would look like if the
background was blue." And then you would
have to go submit the prompt, Claude
code would change the background, it
would put it on a local host, and then
you'd look at it and be like, "Ah, I
actually don't like that." So, then you
would have to like revert back to the
old version. And so, that could
potentially be two prompts. Whereas
here, we can see so much stuff and test
it out in a way that doesn't actually
make us send more prompts and send more
prompts. Now, one thing I noticed is I
don't think there's like a revert
button. In Lovable, you can just like
revert back to previous prompts, which
is nice. I don't see that here. But once
again, this ability to do tweaks saves
us from having to do a lot of reverts,
because we can say, "Hmm, I wonder what
it might look like if the font was
changed. I wonder what it might look
like if the spacing between sections was
smaller." And then if you don't like it,
it's as simple as just
not doing it. So, once you're good with
the tweaks, you just turn that off. If
you made any changes, it would just go
ahead and start making those changes for
you. And now what's awesome is you have
this project set up, whether you're
doing this in Claude design or in Claude
code, you can keep iterating because you
understand the idea of how do you get a
dynamic element like this? Or how do you
do one of those scroll things where you
just tell it that as you're scrolling,
you want it to, you know, play the
frames backwards or forwards. So, let's
say we have this that we love, and maybe
down here we want to have like
maybe a video of someone sleeping.
That'd be really creepy, but but now if
you basically just break the
website into sections, so here's
section. Okay, cool. Section one. What
can we do to section one to make this
cool? Maybe we just add like a dynamic
background where there's like shooting
stars or something like that. And then
section three, maybe we have like a
little dynamic video of someone stirring
coffee, you know? We can just kind of
keep taking it section by section, and
that way it's not so overwhelming of,
"Oh well, my gosh, I have to build a
whole website." Just take it section by
section and just use these principles,
use Claude to help you think of "Okay,
for section two, help me figure out like
right here, where what type of video
should I have or what type of elements
should I have?" And then, "Okay, cool,
make me the prompts." And then I'll go
into key and I'll make the the images,
I'll make the videos, and then I'll
bring them back into Claude, and you'll
just keep iterating. And I think you'll
find that it's really, really fun. You
have the fundamentals, you understand
how the tool works, and now you keep
going. But now you're at the point where
let's say you're good with this website,
you know, you could also click on
present, you could open it up, you could
make sure it feels good, you could make
sure the buttons are linking to the
right spots, and then what do you do
next? Well, what we want to do is we
want to get this into Claude code so we
can push it into a GitHub repository and
so that we can push that GitHub
repository to Vercel. So, if that makes
no sense to you at all, I'm going to
explain it all, so don't worry. What
we're going to do first is we're going
to click on share, and we're just going
to go ahead and download this project as
a zip file or a zip folder. So, I'm
going to download this as zip.
You could also just hit hand off to
Claude code, which would give you a
command. You would copy this, give it to
Claude code, and then it would be able
to pull everything in. Today, this
morning I've been having issues with
this command. It's been getting a 404
error. So, it's worked in the past, this
will probably work by the time you see
this video, but that's also an option.
But the other option is you just grab
the zip file. All right, so here is that
zip file. I'm going to go ahead and
extract all, and I actually want to
place this into a folder. So, I've
already created a folder on my desktop,
and it is called lol website. So, I'm
going to click into lol website, and I'm
going to select that folder to extract
it into. It kind of sounded like I was
saying lol website as if website was a
rapper, like lol website. But now we
have lol website, and this is the folder
that we want to open up inside of Claude
code. So, here I am, I'm using it in the
VS code
IDE, and I'm going to go ahead and open
up that project. Okay, so now that we're
in here, we're going to open up Claude
code, and we're going to get started.
You can see basically over here we have
is we have the background video, we have
scraps, which was our sketch, and we
have the uploads, and we have the HTML.
So, this is basically our full project
from Claude design, but now it's inside
of Claude code. And I'm literally just
going to say,
"Hey, this is a website project for our
brand called lol.
All I want you to do is push this to a
GitHub repository, push it to a private
repository, and call it whatever you
want." And because I've already used
GitHub with my Claude code, it's going
to be able to just push it, and it's
going to be able to create that repo.
But if you've never done this before,
all you want to do is go to github.com.
It's free to create an account. You're
going to log in, and then basically
you would just need to connect this to
your Claude code. So, if you ask Claude
code to connect it, it'll say, "Sure,
just let me pull up the authorization
page." You'll have to sign in, and now
Claude code can talk to your GitHub,
push changes, create repositories,
things like that. And then the second
piece of this is you're going to need to
create an account at Vercel. So, Vercel
is basically just a place for you to
host and deploy your web apps and your
websites, so it should look like this.
And when you sign up for Vercel, you can
sign up with your GitHub account, which
makes it super easy because then you can
just sync a GitHub repo to Vercel.
Because if you think about it, when you
have a GitHub repository, all this is
basically is is it's folders and it's
files and it's code, and GitHub stores
them. So, what you need to do is you
need to get that code somewhere on the
web, and that's what Vercel does. And
there you go, super easy, I didn't have
to do anything. It says, "Your website
is now a GitHub repo." I can follow this
link to open it up, and this is the
actual repository that we just pulled in
from Claude design. Now, honestly,
before we push this, we probably should
have made sure that it worked. So,
"Make sure that the website actually
works as expected and open it up in a
local host for me to view." Now, I'm
actually glad that I had to do this
because you you'll notice I said local
host. So, what does that mean? Local
host is just a local host that will
basically display our website. And so,
if this comes back with something like
localhost:3000,
if you tried to give someone that URL,
it wouldn't open up for them. It would
open up whatever they have running on
their own localhost:3000, which could be
nothing. I actually saw some funny
tweets where it was like
a a beginner getting into Claude code
saying, "Look at this awesome web app I
built." And they sent out the localhost
URL, and everyone was um obviously they
couldn't open it. So, here is the
localhost. It opened up our website. You
can see we have the video playing, we
have all of the text coming in
dynamically. So, everything is basically
being transferred over from Claude
design over to Claude code
seamlessly, no issues. And now that this
is actually a GitHub repo, let's connect
this to Vercel to put it on the web so
that I could actually give you a URL and
you could view my website. So, back in
Vercel, you guys are going to be shocked
at how easy this is. You click on add
new, you click on add new project, and
then right here, because I'm signed in
with my GitHub repo or my GitHub
account, I basically just click on this
website and I say import.
It's looking through my projects, it's
going to pull in this project, and then
I basically just say deploy. This will
take maybe 60 seconds, and then it'll
give us an actual URL for our website.
Now, the cool part about this is if you
ever make changes to your site, you
basically now have a practice
environment and a real environment. So,
if I'm on my localhost here, you know,
and I'm working inside of Claude code
and I'm doing things, basically what
happens is I can make changes and I can
iterate, but only I will see these
changes. So, if I wanted to change the
copy or if I wanted to change the
background video,
but then, once we're good with those
changes, I come back into here and I
say, "Hey, Claude code, push all of
these changes to GitHub." And then, when
the changes come to GitHub and they come
over here, Vercel automatically grabs
that and deploys it to the live site.
So, you have a very clean separation
between what you're practicing with and
changes that you might want to make and
then saying, "Hey, cool, we love this,
push that public." And then Vercel will
grab it, and then it will be live in
like 30 seconds later. So, anyways,
congratulations, you just deployed a new
project on Vercel. I'm going to go ahead
and click on continue to the dashboard,
and now we have an actual domain. So,
this is a, you know,
lol-website.vercel.app.
And if I open this up, aha, okay, so
when I open this up, it says 404 not
found. So, what do we do here? You go
back into Claude code
and you say,
"So, I just pushed that to GitHub, and
then I synced that to Vercel to host it
on the web, and when I opened it up, it
gave me this error message. What does
this mean? How do I fix this? Do you
need any more info from me in order to
actually help me fix this?" It was able
to find the cause right away. Vercel
serves this from the root of your repo
by default, but the repo has a different
path instead, so that's why it can't
find anything. So, the fix is it needs
to rename lol website to index.html. And
then look, it pushed those changes to
GitHub. So, if I now go to the GitHub
repo, which was this one, and I give
this a refresh, we should see here that
we have two commits, which means that
we've made two different pushes, so
we've made a change. And then what
happens if I go back to Vercel? So, back
here you can already see the website is
now rendering properly, and if I also
click on deployments, we can see once
again that we have a change that was
made 1 minute ago, which was renaming to
index.html.
So, now I can click on this domain, and
I can see that we actually have our real
site just the way that we saw it on our
localhost, and everything should be
coming through properly because we've
made that fix. Now, one other quick
thing I wanted to talk about when it
comes to actually deploying your site is
that you built this to be optimized for
a laptop or for a, you know, a a
computer. So, if you come into your site
on the localhost before you deploy it,
and you hit F12 or you just open up your
developer console, you can click this
button right here to switch to mobile
view.
So, this is actually what we'd be seeing
if I open up the site on mobile, which
obviously is not good. So, you would
need to go back and iterate a little bit
and tell Claude code to optimize this
for mobile. Maybe we want the image to
be or sorry, I keep saying image. Maybe
we want the video to be kind of down
here instead, or maybe we just want the
font to be displayed in one line and
then have more stuff down here. So, that
is something to think about. You need to
be thinking about how will this actually
look if I'm on a mobile device compared
to if I am on my computer or even like a
tablet and stuff like that. So, the
point being Claude design and Claude
code don't automatically optimize for
mobile, but if you tell it you need to
optimize for mobile, it will certainly
help you
figure out the way to restructure it.
And you can do all that without having
it actually impact the way that it
appears on the web on your computer
version. So, just something else I
wanted to make sure you guys were aware
of. And you can see right here that
we're using a dot versel.app domain. So,
if you wanted to change this, you would
just have to bring in your own custom
domain. It takes maybe 5 minutes and you
can just talk to Claude to figure out
how to do that. It's super simple. But,
let's hop into some of this other stuff
now
and dive a little bit deeper into how to
get the most out of Claude design. So,
Claude design is its own product. It it
kind of feels like what they did with
Claude Co-work. How they basically
packaged up different workflows and
different functionality into something
that's a little bit more accessible, you
know, cuz everything that Claude design
does, you could easily do in Claude
Code, but not everyone wants to. And
they're keeping all of this in the same
environment. It's built on top of Claude
Opus 4.7, which has much more advanced
vision capabilities than the previous
models did. But, of course, the Opus 4.7
model does come at a bit of a cost, so
keep that in mind. You can build
prototypes, you can build slides, you
can build landing pages, animated
promos, so much stuff with design.
Obviously, today we mainly looked at
websites, but there's a lot you can do.
And in order to use it, you have to be
on a paid plan. You cannot be on a free
plan. So, let's talk about the two meter
system. First of all, Claude design has
its own weekly quota. So, if I go back
into my usage, you can see you have a
current session for your plan. You have
all models, you have Sonnet only, and
you have your own Claude design usage.
And this is what I blew through pretty
quick. And so, what do the burn rates
look like? People have been complaining
that they're getting their session eaten
up really quick. So, if you're on 20
bucks a month, after one big website and
one big design system, you might already
be almost done. If you're on the max
five times plan, then you're going to
have, you know, maybe four to five
series prompts and you might be able to,
you know, hit the limit pretty quick.
And then if you're on the 20x plan,
which I'm on, I was able to build
probably
a few different video projects and a few
different websites and then I started to
get really close to the end of my limit.
So, what actually drains your limits the
fastest? Well, there are a few things.
First of all, if you do every single
thing with 4.7, then you're obviously
going to be eating more tokens than if
you were on Sonnet or even Haiku for
some very minor changes. I personally
haven't done this myself. I've haven't
really jumped into the wireframes. I
always just started with a high
fidelity, but I have seen some people on
X talking about that if you do the
wireframe first, you're able to
basically convert it better to high
fidelity with less iteration. And I
honestly that makes sense. I mean, if
you're in Claude Code, I always talk
about how the planning phase is so
important. So, get clear on your idea,
give as much context up front as far as
like a sketch, and, you know, maybe like
that Claude spec that we saw earlier in
the live example. This information was
able to make it so much easier for
Claude design to build what we wanted on
the first try rather than having to
iterate so much cuz that's where you're
going to burn a lot of tokens. Also,
setting up a design system without a
URL. In general though, design systems
will eat a lot. So, if I go back to the
um app and I go into like creating a
design system, which if I went right
here,
what this does is it lets you set up a
system for your brand. So, your name,
you can put in a GitHub repo, you can
put in other folders, other files, and
other logos and assets, and it will
create you basically a template so that
if you ever want to make anything,
videos, slides, websites, you can create
it with that brand. So, for example, I
made one with AI Automation Society,
which is what you see right here. So,
every time I use this design system,
it's going to make everything with that
typography, with those colors, with that
background, the color scheme, all that
kind of stuff. Now, when you create a
design system, once you put in all this
information, it has to ingest it and it
has to create that actual spec. And this
can eat a decent amount of tokens
because it's going to take like 10 to 15
minutes. Now, what's interesting is if
you actually export this,
you can put that into Claude Code and
you can get all of that value already.
If you come into your design system, you
can see the type of information that's
in here. You can iterate on it. But, you
can actually go ahead and share this
with your team, but you could also just
download this as a zip. And then you
could give that zip to Claude Code sort
of like we did earlier. And now you
could say, "Hey, this is the design
system for AI Automation Society. Help
me build some other stuff." And you
could do that then in Claude Code as
well. It's really nothing new. The whole
concept of having like a design system
or a design MD, it's not a new concept.
It's just kind of the way that it's
packaged up here in Claude design makes
it a lot easier. And then of course,
like I showed you guys, the ability to
tweak stuff in the canvas. We talked
about this, right? Being inside of a
project and using tweaks and using, you
know, the comments and the edits, that's
going to be more precise and it's going
to give Claude a better idea of what you
actually want to change. So, then it
doesn't go down the wrong path and waste
your time and your session. And then
just think about the fact that
you might get into some really, really
long threads.
Um I haven't proven this for a fact, but
just based on the way that Claude uses
tokens, what I found is that if you are
in a project, right, and it's getting
really, really long and you're still not
getting where you want, maybe you want
to export this and then open up a fresh
session and you're kind of not really
starting at square one again. You're
iterating upon something that's already
been built and you're making some
changes, but now you have fresh context
because this is likely all starting to
pollute the context window and it might
be leading to some rot and it might be
leading to tokens becoming uncached and
then you're basically just processing
them again. So, that's something to keep
in mind. Now, you could also come in
here and do a  clear and it says,
"Hey, cleared. We're ready for the next
instruction." So, that's something else
to also play around with, but I can't
say with certainty that that actually
clears all of this from the context
window. I haven't seen for sure yet. So,
okay, so best practices to stretch
limits. We kind of already talked a lot
about that. I just showed you guys the
zip export. When you're zipping either
your actual project or a design system.
We talked about model by stage. So,
maybe you can use Opus 4.7 at the
beginning to plan a little bit or when
you need some really legit changes, but
switch over to Sonnet 4.6. I was on
Sonnet 4.6 for um a lot of the different
builds and it was able to generate the
video and it was able to create the
animations and create the slide decks
and it was working just fine. I think at
the end of the day, like Sonnet 4.6 is
really good. And if you are super clear
and super specific about what you want,
then you can probably get a lot of the
way done with Sonnet 4.6. So, it's
definitely worth testing out. And then
some other real quick tips, one visual
dimension per prompt. So, don't try to
throw in a mega prompt with, "Hey,
change
XYZ, ABC, DEF, and G." Now, I know that
some people might disagree with this
because sometimes in Claude Code, you
want to send off one big prompt so that
it can create its to-do list and it can
start to iterate. But, what I found here
is that when I ask for multiple
different big changes in one prompt, it
only actually does like one or two of
them well and the rest of them just kind
of get disregarded. So, I've found more
success and when I talk about being
efficient with my prompting, I found
more success doing one main big change
per prompt. It's also good to do
negatives. So, tell it what you don't
want. Tell it if you don't want these
fonts or if you don't want these color
schemes, that way you don't have to
correct it later. You can also reference
real things. So, saying something like
linear 2023 with higher density rather
than just saying, "Hey, make this
clean." or make this minimalistic.
Obviously, pointing and commenting on
things and drawing on things and then
asking for prototypes, flows, demos. And
then of course, you can go ahead and
export that entire HTML. You could
export it to Figma, you could export it
to Canva, you could export it to
PowerPoint. You can get it out of there
and then make the tweaks you need to if
you don't actually need to use Claude
design for things that you could do
pretty easily and pretty quickly by
hand. So, some other things to keep in
mind, file uploads. So,
I have been able to upload MP4s, like
you guys have seen. I've been able to
edit some videos, but there is a cap and
I think it might be 30 megabytes, it
might be 40, it might be a little more,
but if you try to go and upload like a
5-minute video, it's probably not going
to let you.
There also might have just been a bug
because this is in research preview and
because everyone's using it. But, for
the most part, you can upload lots of
different assets and the more things
that you're able to upload right away,
the more context it's going to have and
the less you're going to have to repeat
yourself and fix things. And then here
are just some other quick limitations to
flag. Not going to read all these off
cuz I feel like I've hit on a lot of
these already. But, take a quick pause
if you want to look at this. And like I
said, that free doc that I drop in the
community
will have a lot more of this kind of
stuff as well.
All right. So, that is going to do it
for today. Now, what you can do next is
watch this video right up here where I
talk about other website hacks and
specifically in Claude Code. Because
what might happen is if you burn through
your limit in Claude design, but you
want to keep iterating, you want to keep
building, just do what I showed you.
Export your Claude design project, get
it into Claude Code, and now you can
just keep working on Claude Code because
you have more usage. And then just wait
till your usage resets on design and
then take it back into design. But, that
is going to do it for today's
masterclass. I hope that you guys
enjoyed. And if you did, please give it
a like. It helps me out a ton. Don't
forget to join my free school community
if you want to check out the resource
guide from this video as well as every
other free resource that I've ever given
out on YouTube. Once again, that is
completely free to join. So, go ahead
and consider subscribing if this helped
and check out a ton of the other videos
on my channel where I break down very
similar stuff. So, as always, I
appreciate you guys making it to the end
of the video and I will see you on the
next one.
Thanks, everyone.